1. For the Very Venerable Fourth Karma Thinley Rinpoche
		 	 	 		
Nyima Than Dawa Lama
Radiant Luminosity of the 3 times and 10 directions
Lord of Dharma Samaya pure
Cloudbanks of Merit
Student and Teacher of the Dharmaraj
Master of the Old and New Realization Lineages
Karuna and Upaya
Lion Roaring Bodhisattva in this ending age
Sublime Root Essence
We pray for your excellent health and long life
and may our Mind/Heart’s well up tears of joy
everytime we experience your inconceivable presence 
Bodhicitta Balm for all the 6 Realm suffering ones
then may we be truly called your Dharma Daughters and Sons 
				
			
		

2. Master of the Dance: A Song of Praise for His Holiness Thinley Norbu Rinpoche

Lord of the elemental Dakinis
True Heart Sun of the Omniscient Jnana 
Unadorned Dharmakaya
Manifesting Jewel of effulgent radiance 
Mahasukha Guru of Pristine Awareness 
Magically dances thru the 6 realms
Seeding, cultivating, and harvesting
those difficult to tame
Jambudvipa’s Multicultural Master of the Dance 
Whose footsteps are the essence of all Dharmas 
Attune to the subtlest 3 gate rhythms
of his Kali Yuga seekers’ needs
Master choreographer of the 3 times and 10 directions 
All at their own pace take heed
The jewel of activity never follows or never leads 
Skill in action his only deed
					
The old bhusuku. 
November 31, 1992 Year of the Water Monkey 
Gangteng Tulku’s Sangha 
Los Angeles, California 
				
			
		

3. For His Eminence Chagdud Tulku Rinpoche
					
In the heart cave of the Lama’s Mind
the mighty Mahasukha river flows
trees are kindly bent to ease us
but water at the roots is the greatest gift of all

Written on the August Full Moon, 1990 at H.H. Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche’s Pilgrimage.

Ngakchang Karma Yeshe Namgyal Dorje 
				
			
		

4. BOW AND ARROW: A Doha For His Holiness the 16th Karmapa			
					
Heart drops, white and red 
Blending Black 
Mother/Father union 
wedding two into one 
Emptiness/Bliss
The arrow maker’s son 
Ksana arises
Black Hat Ruby
The target
Effortless archery 
feathers whistle
Wisdom Wind
Neck hairs rise 
Earth/Water eyes release 
Devotion to the Guru 
Shanti Shanti Shanti
					
Dedicated to he who wears the Black Hat and Black Cloak and gives the Black Pill, and to the Fourth Karma Thinley Rinpoche, Lord of Yogis and the inner secret activity of all the Karmapas. 
				
			
		

5. DRAGON’S PEAK: A Doha For His Holiness Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche

A pithy lair
Two ancient Naga Kings and a Prince in grooming 
One whose tongue moves not when he speaks
One who is the Lord of Speech
the Third, Master of the common idiom 
Circumambulating clouds of hoary breath
around bejeweled Mount Meru
Sky Maidens swirling offerings
Gandharvas reed-like bodies continuously intone
					
OM AH HUNG OM AH HUNG OM AH HUNG
					
Dharmapalas chant the Lion’s Roar 
Five Budhha Families transmute 
Five Poisons into Amrit
Dakinis Dancing Feet				
The Mahaguru Comes
the Last of the Great Ones from the Land of Snows

OM AH HUNG OM AH HUNG OM AH HUNG					
OM AH HUNG BENZAR GURU PEMA SIDDHI HUNG 

Sarvam Mangalam				

Dedicated to the quick return of H.H. Dilgo Khentsye Rinpoche to Jambudvipa. Rigpa Summer Retreat, 1990. 







6. For the Very Venerable Lama Tharchin Rinpoche	
					
Holy Lama of Luminous clarity
Wishfulfilling Jewel of the Nine Yanas 
Nirmanakaya of Rigpa’s supreme Bliss
and effortless compassion
We pray to the most Ancient Lineage of
The Vidyadharas
The 5 Buddha Families
The Long Life Dakas and Dakinins
The 21 Taras
Lord Amitayus
And our true refuge in this Dark Age
Pema Jungne
To continue raining the wondrous elixirs of
Long Life and vitality
Imbuing every pore of your 3 Kaya manifestation 
with the
Lion like virya of the Mahasattvas of Yore
Holy Lama,
We whose ocoal like prima ignorance
has been transported through aeonic time on a
Ship of fools
Have endlessly suffered in the dark hold of the 
three poisons
Battered by the storms of duality
Ravaged by the 8 samsaric Demons of
Sudden impediments
			
Miraculously are transformed by your
All Accomplishing Wisdom
We sparkle with Diamond Awareness
Descending with the View and rising with conduct
					
Holy Lama, We pray you stay the course
Forever our captain, navigator, physician,
Spiritual Friend, and beacon until we reach the Other shore
					
OM GATE, GATE, PARAGATE, PARASAMGATE, BODHI SWAHA
					
With heartfelt gratitude. 
The old bhusuku. 
Completed on Dakini Day February 27, 1992 Iron Sheep Year 
				
			
		

7. For the Very Venerable Gyatrul Rinpoche

Sagely laughter dancing through the wangs
Empty Dharma prankster
Whose heart knows no bounds.
Brings his Western toddlers
Priceless gifts
As he laughs and dances through the Round

This Doha was spontaneously composed at the request of my Lama, Anam Thubten Rinpoche, after he had finished translating H.H. Dungse Thinley Norbu Rinpoche and H.E. Chagdud Tulku’s long life prayers into Tibetan at the Dharma Center of Pema Khandro. 

Los Angeles, California 1994
8. For His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama
	
Down from the Land of Snows 
All seeing tears flow
The Bodhisattva roams
A Simple monk	
Master of the Mundane and Arcane 
Mahasukha Mahasiddha					
Dzogchen-Mahamudra-Lam Rim 
Amitabha’s Speech and Heart
Aimlessly awake
One crystal bead, 
all one hundred and eight 
for all beings’ sake		
no need for haste 
one taste 
Aimlessly awake 
				
			
		

9. In praise of the Drikung Kagyu Lineage and a Long Life Prayer for Khenpo Konchog Gyalsten Rinpoche
					
Homage to you, who are the Practice Lineage’s Torch of Certainty In this Dark age of disbelief. The blazing sun rays of your loving kindness melt the iron knotted hearts of your fortunate disciples, illuminating the mind streams of even the most degenerate of Yogis in this decadent time, 
You are the Mahamudra Refuge in this turbulent Ocean of Samsara, taming the Leviathans of Ignorance, desire, and aversion with the Vajra Song of the Madhyamika View, and the luminous clarity of the Great Seal, and the fearless activity of the Bodhisattva Warrior. Your samaya is the stainless ambrosia, the quintessence of the
Golden Rosary of nectar like pristine teachings and transmissions, the unfathomable ocean of Vajradhara’s primordial awareness flowing thru vast chilicosms into Sri Tilopa’s sea of emptiness, effortlessly manifesting the great Mahamudra tributaries… Naro, Marpa, Mila, Dakpo Lhaje, He who merged the two streams into one, the Glorious Phagmodru, Lord Jigten Sumgon, the two Illustrious Kybagon’s, and you the Lotsawa of Mirror Like Wisdom, your Vajra laughter enchanting and enlightening even the dead void heretics who hear only the distant thunder of your Lion’s Roar.
We supplicate all the Buddha’s of the 3 Times and 10 directions, the unerring Truth of the Teachings, the Sublime Sangha, and the most Holy Root Lama, Dorje Chang, the 1000 armed lineage tree, the All Accomplishing Heruka, Chakrasamvara, Vajra Yogini, the unborn self arising Dakini Queen, and her splendorous retinue, the infinite vast array of Dharmapalas, and to the Maha Guru of the most secret Nyinthig, Pema Jungne, we pray for your long life, radiant health, all accomplishing activity of the sacred Dharma, and restoration of the prolific enlightener of sentient beings, the Jewel Ornament of Liberation, the most noble Drikung Kagyu.

10th day of the New Moon, Iron Sheep Year
With deep affection and sincere appreciation, 
the lazy old Yogi.
Sarvam Mangalam 
				
10. For Lama Anam Thubten Rinpoche
		 	 	 		
Homage to you, Lotsawa Chenpo
You are the rainbow bridge spanning the Eastern and Western 
Samsaric Seas
Majestically astride your Sky Dragon
Golden Hued, Red Pandita hat flapping in the wind
Gently awakening
as you effortlessly soar the Sambhogakaya Realms 
Spontaneously revealing the rarest Dharma Jewels
Incanting treasure tomes
Most graciously in English tones
The sublime Madhyamika/Dzogchen view
Ever vigilant Katogpa Kama and Terma Lineage Holder
Heart son of the peerless Dudjom Lingpa
We, your Western disciples pray for your
long life and radiant health
Supplicating to the 3 Jewels, and the 3 Roots
of the 3 Times and 3 Kayas
That you the Sun of Dharma continuously rise as the 
resplendent Eastern rays of Mirror Like Wisdom,
as the Golden Equanimity dawning in the South,
as the Red glow of Discriminating Wisdom setting in the West, 
as the All Accomplishing Wisdom rising from the vast Green			Northern Sea,
Climbing high into the endless Blue Dharmakaya Sky 
Illuminating the 6 Realms and Beyond
Until all realize the luminous emptiness of Infinity

Chime Nephew
New Moon, March 1994 
