11. Mountain View

Sitting like a Mahamudra Mountain. Luminous Maha Ati Panoramic View…
One taste… interdependent commingling.
Alas, smell eating Lowland monkeys endlessly chattering delusional differences.
The Mountain sits… the patience of the uncreate.
Eagle vision soars… effortlessly with grace…
High thrones, hegemony, nepotism, and wealth the rage…
The Gomchen rests naturally at the spring.

The Monkey Lama of Los Angeles



12. Dharma Dog

Never again to sit a
high throne
better to be a fat old dog 

rolling in the dirt
licking himself
in public
sniffing after the bitches
					
in heat
resting in the natural state at his
kind master’s feet
dying at a
Ganachakra feast
					
7 Lingpa Drubchen Pema Osel Ling Water Monkey Year 1992 
				
			
		

13. Five Delicacies: Memorable Menu in Memoriam
					
I pay homage to the Supreme Bliss 5 poison offering				
E Ma Ho----Rigpa’s quintessential delicacy effulging Yogi’s Large Vase Great                                    Delight
Troma and Machig
Swoon boon				
Companions
Chod Feasting
Empowering the natural radiant luminosity 
We must dine more often
Reservations recommended but not necessary 
Come as you are
RSVP----RIP
					
The Peacock Ngakpa of Los Angeles					
September 12, 1994 Happy Hour---Cafe Figaro	
				
P.S.
The Persian Drunkard and the Bard Of Hibbing always dress for dinner 
				
			
		

14. Siddhi Rain
		 	 	 	
Union of the 3 Jewels					
I awaken to the gentle rain of the Great Compassion 
Opening the Heart/Mind Lotus
Pema Jungne arises					

OM AH HUNG BENZAR GURU PEMA SIDDHI HUNG		
			
I awaken to the gentle rain of the Great Compassion 
Opening the lotus of Speech
The all seeing one arise	
			
OM MANI PEME HUNG	
				
I awaken to the gentle rain of the Great Compassion 
the lotus of the Body opens
The Liberator of the Desire Realm Arises
					
OM AMI DEWA HRI
					
3 Kayas, 3 Gates, 3 Channels
4 Joys become 8, then 16
The gentle rain of the Great Compassion endlessly fills the 
Ocean of Interdependent Origination
					
EMPTINESS-COMPASSION-BLISS
					
Written at dawn, as I arose to the sound of the gentle rain on the first days of the Water Monkey year at PEMA OSEL LING - 1992. Dedicated to the swift return of His Eminence Kalu Rinpoche and the enthronement of H.H. The 17th Gyalwa Karmapa 
				
			
		
15. The Yogi of Karchu: Canto I

Once upon a time in an enchanted eastern border land, where Yogis play & sport
appears a Dharma hilltop monastery
whether the Yogi of Karchu, holds court					
Sacred to the Sunbeam Dancer and the precious Vajra Guru 
The Buddha Mind repository… Yandak the glorious heruk 
and the Gompa of the Yogi of Karchu
Many offerings this ngakpa did he make				
to the Naga King and retinue, in a nearby scared lake 
and they supplied many ahidden treasure troves
of precious jewels and purest gold
and so day and night, night and day		
a continual Ganachakra Tsok
Jumbuvipa’s sublimest Dharmarajahs did attend the Yogi host 
Buddha’s, Bodhisats, Dakas, Dakinis, Devas, Dharmapalas, it 
seemed to never end
Sometimes the Yogi sang and played upon his vina, drum or
flute, or danced upon a sunbeam forever the eternal youth
They all came to the Gompa of the Yogi of Karchu, Their
Holiness’ Karmapa, Dujom Rinpoche, the Dalai Lama, Dodropchen 
Too
The Lords of Sakya, Drikung, Mindro, Pema, and Bumthang
Ling, and even a Ganden monk or two.
There they swam and sport with him in the Ocean of Amrit
Where Ka-Nying Kings and Queens held court,
Father Marpa of Lodrak’s Great Seal
the Dakinis still moist whispered breath
			
The precious Dakpo Kagyu
One taste, with the distilled quintessent nectar of Pema 
Jungne and the most sacred Old School
For they all loved their host the crazy Yogi of Karchu
					
It was the Water Monkey year
The first new moon, the 10th day
The yogi gazed into the crystal mirror’s display
The predictions of the Precious Guru,
of weal and woe
was coming to the land of snows
and to the West across vast oceans the Dharma’s destiny did lay
and a vow was made by the Yogi of Karchu that very day 
for did not the Sutras and the Tantras say
that Buddha’s sons must leave home, friends, and family 
to travel far and wide o’er the 7 seas
one stop, a most savage desire realm display
for is not this the Yogi’s way
and so the Yogi of Karchu did say

“I go this very day”

to a land of ignorance and decadence
where no Holy Teachers or the Dharma hold sway
for am I not, a fearless Bodhisat?
Then he told his attendant and boon companion,
Tashi Naljor
Today I leave this shell behind
					
and with Mahamudra he did sign
and Lama Tashi saw his crazy wisdom gaze
and prepared his throne for the transference phase,
only one boon he did crave,

“Oh Rinchen Norbu in your next incarnate state
promise to return to Namkhai Ling
my Samaya is, until that day I wait.
while my Master, the crazy wisdom Yogi of Karchu
in the savage desire realm display
doth sport & play”

and so the pact was made
and the yogi of Karchu disappeared that very day
all that was left of him was rainbow light,
and hair and nails
and Lama Tasahi Naljor saw it all and still recants the tale 
when the crazy wisdom Yogi of Karchu
Ensorceled his last spell. 
				
			
		

19. Merlin’s Crystal Cave

In far off ancient Wales where trees 
of weirding gnarls 
and wild berries intertwine with vines 
of grape...nature’s walls.
And herbs of every climb, 
in harmony with weed and forest 
flower,
and woodland beasties' errie calls-
 
crying in the night, thick mists abounding,

speaking the language of a fulfilled moon,

great or small,
besplendered stars, a wizard’s wind tells all.
Forest dwellers, the little people too, 

Merlin doth make his magic at the waxing of the moon.  

Glowing precious stones a pathway lit, 
and diamond staircase 
with ruby rails.

Flecks of Golden Faire dust finer than pollen of the honey
bee,
is the seeker’s trail 

revealing through his steps, 

a phosphorescent emerald wishing well. 
Cold fire cloned from thrice blessed Hermes' sacred stone. 
The Master’s signature in the living arcane tome.  
The sands of time and the hoary hand of man. 
Alone take into thy grasp 
the Nazarene’s everlasting cup.  
Drink deep of living waters, 

through thy caduceus the immortal sap ariseth up.  
Behold, in the midst of a deep shimmering sapphire lagoon 

surrounding a crystal dome of luminous iridescent hue.  

Incandescent liquid ores and jewels 

through which shines sun and moon, 

where only those young of heart sport 

with spectral serpents-
keepers of the runes, 

and day is night and night is day.  
Tributaries, red and white and blue, 
feed this precious pool. 

Upon a lotus of five colours sits Merlin’s cave. 

Crystalline, 
incanted from rare earth ores and far flung galaxies, 

forming supernaturally, 

awing even the Fairy Queen 

and her resplendent court... 
where only she may rule.  
Mounted upon four crimson dragonflies, 
Their saddles spun gold-
dyed 
and woven by blood of butterflies, 

dwarves encrust jeweled tapestries 

of multi-coloured spider silk 
woven by an elfish art, 

that beggars the fabled carpets of Amberdad and Meru. 
Vigilantly amount, the elemental retinue 
of princesses: 

white, yellow green and blue, 

while the ruby complexioned Fire Queen, Faroul, 

royally postured on her garnet lotus petal throne, 

enchantingly intones 
the secret words of Solomon 
from the Book of Raziel. 
Bullfrogs too croak majestically

and iridescent fishes 
circle Merlin’s island home.  


And, oh nectar sweet Faroul 
sings on.  
The four maidens upon their noble steeds, 

converge above her throne. 
There manifest horned, 

a goblet carved from Unicorn,

bubbling, brimming mead, 
the elixir of immortality, 

whose aroma deliteth heart, mind, and sensory-

the fabled tincture, Attar of bluish rose 

suspended in seven circles of elfish gold

from the ceiling of the dome, 

where the Peacock Prince doth roost. 

Opel eyed and jade of beak 

who transmuteth 
5 poisons into Amrit.  

Merlin’s formula that above all else doth excel-

deep inside the Mage's well-

thrice cloaked books, seal hermetical-

hidden treasures in the cave, 

every piece a story, a never ending tale-

an endless wandering, an infinity of trails. 
So come ye fresh of mind and heart, remove perceptions’ veil.  
Knoweth ye not even a memory of haze, 

once the wizard gives his gaze-

for devotion to the teacher will lead thou through the maze.  
The five elemental queens never cease, to amaze.  

For all is naught but Merlin’s crystal cave. 


