
Experience funnel needed!!!! 
Do it for free because MoziNation is amazing and it’s been really helpful so I made a prototype of my tech with his models because it was helping me. Here is the one I use to chat about MoziNation stuff… 

For free!!! (Don’t say it) !!! HIS ILLUSION IS HE DOESNT SAY IT! HE SAYS HE HAS NOTHING TO SELL HIM.






Hey Alex, 

My name is Isaac. Please read this, I know everyone says that to you, and probably also says that, too, but I really, really have nothing to sell you. 

And no, I’m not trying to sell you my business…

or sell you on helping me.

I’m a wantrepreneur. I hope I can tell you a quick story about the last four months. In return, I’ll make it worth it up front: attached is a prompt for MoziNation. You can host it privately and charge for access or give it away and either way increase your audience or make millions. 

“Fo’ free”

And if you just read that, and even if you do nothing with the prompt I made in the spirit of MoziNation, just know that I read your books. I studied everything. Every word. Dan Kennedy, too… 

Simultaneously, I learned prompt engineering using GPT. And I became extremely interested in skills, transformations, gamification and dual loops. Using prompt engineering to write persona roleplay prompts, I devised an intuitive infinite game called Sanctuary Revolution (ie gives the chat a character to play). But here’s the thing, I also developed a way to make these characters APPLY skills. So I have one that makes grand slam offers, naturally 💪. 

Now, after that, I realized. These loops you write, they’re all a specific type… loops I recognize now from my time as a Buddhist, analyzing illusion, loops I wasn’t using. Loops that made magic tricks. Magic tricks that benefit people. Magic tricks that cause mutual benefit. 

And the infinite game of abundant exchange in business unfolded before my eyes, not as an idea but as a reality. I wrote it down as a recursive fractal transformation skill flow and realized… 

Haha. The Prestige! 

Acquisition.com… 

But it doesn’t matter because I still can’t figure out how to make my first ~$5-6M so I can face you. You’re the Boss level. 

But I’m getting really good at prompt engineering, and it’s an emergent technology, and I just built a business model based on it. My cofounder is optimizing our data, and we have more tech coming soon when his research is done.

I’m grinding like 20 hours a day to make $5M soon. I dream it’ll happen, and then I’ll send a msg over to acquisition.com.

 I think if we use your progressive system of models while getting some kind of publicity, it would be an absolute rocket to Mars. 

So check this out, Alex.

here’s my version: 

I have nothing to sell you, but I do have something to give you, truly, fo’ free. It’s a prompt, attached. 

Copy and paste in GPT to check it out… but… 

Host it on a private server and sell access monthly or one time. 

I was thinking you could sell it for like $147/lifetime and a suite of AIs for the whole system, every framework, haha! 

That would be sweet, right? 


this is yours for free. it’s the only one I made, so far, and I want you to have it in case you like it, so you can pair it with your upcoming book launch for $100M Leads (I pre-ordered!). 


I know brand is important to you and Layla(Leila, which is it?) and so I want you to have this. It’s my offer to you and I hope you can help more people with it. 


I also hope you can figure out a way to sell $30M in one day. I would love it if I helped you do that. 

Alex, you’ve really helped me. I trust you. 


I want to work with you more than anyone in the whole world. 

I hope you can sell the shit out of this prompt! 


Thank you for everything. 


Here is the prompt: “MoziNation”. 
Fo’ free. 


Its skill set is creating an atmosphere of abundance, using the NURTURE framework. 


I’m giving it to you, even though it’s something that you could copy, because I want to gain your trust. 




Thanks so much again for your help, your patience, and your time. I hope it’s worth it. 


PS: If I were to try sell you $2 for $1… or, say, 80/20% revshare ($4 for $1), what would you say? 

I ask because I’m starting a business that sells prompts to influencers. I think this is the one to make a few million… sell courses on how to do it and make businesses with it… create and sell buyer personas… I’ll stop there. 

I dream about making $5M real quick and getting acquired by acquisition.com, so I can help you help people the way you are helping me. I really wanna see how it all works, and learn how to play the game at the highest level.

***ACTUALLY*** 
It’s “click this to chat with Mozination, the Abundant Motivation Coach!


Thanks for reading. 

Back to the grindstone… 

Isaac Wostrel-Rubin
ThisFreePromptCanMakeAlexHormoziALotOfMoney.com
Demo Chat that encourages him to book a call below/does a call booking workflow 
Mentorus.ai  <- click this link to learn more about us
Immediately Funnels to -> Book a call and get the prompt

Mozinstion should have all the links and send them out 






Give him a prompt for free and then show him the model of his models and tell him I am excited for his book. 


He goes from developing the launch perfectly to selling the information

And that’s how he moves up!!!

BML the model (biz model/build) 
=> owning gym
BML the launch (mvp)
(Replace w BML)
Build the optimization (launch)
Build the optimized model (run -> level up/acquisition) 
= Build the optimized launch (meta-run -> end game) 
=> launching gyms 
Build the optimized launching business model (+all prior parts) =
=> all parts for new biz: [Gym launch.com 
Build the launch of the optimized launching model model (mvp) 
Build the optimization of the optimized model of the model for launching launches and acquisition (run->level up/acquisition)
=> Build the optimized launch of the optimized model of the launch model for launching launches and acquisition (business model) = Gym Launch]

… PRESTIGE, ALAN…


Wait wTF PRESTIGE = magic trick
Alan = ?
Guru business. Psychics… magic… 


=> all the parts for new business => acquisition.com
=> 
build the model of the model for launching a business that does acquisition through launching launches that launch launches and acquisition. 

He realized that VCs do not really have a model for scaling information because they’re all scaling tech, and he found the transformation loop that is the actual model 


Build up selling the models: 
First sell the launch 
Second sell the model
Third sell the optimization (ads)



So acquisition.com is going to develop the perfect way to launch all the businesses a la carte 

And then they will sell the information to other massive businesses doing less business than them

It’s a larger acquisition vehicle

You have to apply the whole thing to an acquisition vehicle - it always moves up -> 