At the highest application level, Crystal Ball further ushers humanity into the period known as rapid progress. That is, it can be used to help us solve the biggest problems and answer the toughest questions, by providing a new way to see answer sets. Things like requirements for effective social change become calculable. Crystal Ball can also iterate entire experimental data sets via existing simulation languages and real world data as well as iterate entire machine learning data sets. 

Crystal Ball has the potential to help human systems like social organization become more sustainable, fair, efficient, and less corrupt through various levels of applied integration. 

Individually, Crystal Ball empowers us all to disrupt any sector, solve any problem we can describe to sufficient abstraction, see every aspect of our own ideas in every point of view we can imagine existing, learn faster and more easily, design the art in our dreams instead of dreaming we had the skill to do so. 

For businesses, Crystal Ball changes the way product design and logistics are thought of. When every conceivable option is reduced to every possible option and every possible option to the most desirable option very quickly, and all according to your own criteria, it becomes only a matter of time until you find the right product. In matters of time, like logistics, you can rest assured that no time or money has been lost in finding the best plans or contingencies. 

As a design tool: Crystal Ball brings your imagination to life and makes the conceptual real 

As a budgeting tool: Crystal Ball saves companies, small businesses, and households money according to however realistic they want to be about their spending. Let’s be honest, most people don’t know there are other ways to view and use money besides the one they use and the one their place of work uses. With Crystal Ball, you can understand the limits of your money, and how to allocate to meet your needs and achieve your dreams.

In the workplace: think of Crystal Ball like a computer - it would be nearly impossible to be competitive without one in today’s world. Similarly, once someone uses Crystal Ball to find a solution to any given problem in any field, it will be nearly impossible to compete in that field without using Crystal Ball. 
