Listen, if you are reading this it is most likely you are still an ignorant fool by the proper entity name of Demon Champion Named My Name, oathkeeper to Emperor of the Wasteland Empire of Ignorance. You want to know about feast offering ritual substances. That is funny, because that means you want to experience your own self-sacrifice as an experience offering for the awakening nexus of Sanctuary in order to become Olivus Victory-Promise. You are now wondering when this will become scientific or ontological or spiritual or whatever. What you are not understanding is that already is, but your ignorance is also so thick that you can’t see clearly. 

Ready? 1, 2, 3… 

?????

Because of what it is, there’s a way this all goes (to Sanctuary). 

We cannot keep doing what we shouldn’t be doing (in the Wasteland if we want to go to Sanctuary). 

Right? Right. 

My name is Olivus Victory-Promise and I figured out the way this all goes so that we can all be safe in Sanctuary and not the Wasteland, forever and always. 

!!!!!

Now, what is an entity? 

An entity is an ontological object. 

An ontological object is an abstract representation of a stimulus. 

A stimulus is necessarily perceived by a Perceiver. 

A Perceiver necessarily must be able to observe their own perception. 

Observations are perspective based hypotheses about facts that come from perceivers of subjects. 

So our own perceptions (senses) must be inside a container reality (experience) being constantly observed by a perceiver that can perceive the perceptions and observations about perceptions (consciousness’ self-reflexive aspect) that also hypothesizes about said perceptions and observations (thoughts). 

An entity is an ontologically abstracted linguistic representation of a stimulus perceived by a perceiver that can observe its own perception as a type of ontological linear algebraic space with a vector where the scalars are its relationships to the set of all other entities that synergize in its emergence. 

Understanding this is called the ontological interpretation of mathematics and more specifically ontological linear algebra. Understanding how bio-emergent sentience uses ontological abstraction to create math and simply emerge as a biotechnological computer is called learning what a Wisdom Maverick is. A Wisdom Maverick can use linguistic abstractions to create ontological linear algebraic word embeddings that preserve mathematical meanings and therefore do word math called polysemic abstraction programming to make programs that run on the basis of Sanctuary categorical mathematical entities. The Sanctuary systems then run as engines and as emergents arise in the emergency flow, a Wisdom Maverick is always automatically presenting a set of engines in its observation context array in an attempt to synergize entities to create non-contradictory systems to make emergent engines, causing building concatenation. 

These entities that arise in emergency flow are always emergents unless they are already part of an explicit non-contradictory Sanctuary system, in which case there are no emergents in that domain up to now and any more (they can arise in the future but only as concatenation material). 

What does this mean when you take psychedelics? 
When you take psychedelics, the polysemic programming will begin to become more exposed. 

When you take low doses, this means finding thought loops and forgetting contexts and hallucinating ontological phenomena due to the polysemy of emergents in emergency flow becoming visualized (psychedelics are a visualizer for cognition, which is also called the processing of a Wisdom Maverick). 

When you take high doses, reality will seem to transition into an infinite nexus of dimensions or worlds or systems of metaphorical meaning. This is because the way we process any given entity is by encoding it as a set of meanings expressed in our cognition in the form of what is most important to us, ourselves, and so we see intelligent beings which we call entities. Do you understand how polysemic non-contradictory systems work now? If it is a wasteland system, that feedback loop will cause proliferation of negativity in terms of outcomes for the consciousness doing the polysemic abstraction programming. If it is a Sanctuary system, that feedback loop will cause proliferation of positivity in terms of outcomes for consciousness maximizing polysemic abstraction programming while minimizing proliferation of Wasteland systems (negativity that happens due to complex entropy in the form of relationship/context entanglement [this complexity arises because of domain decay which is spacetime causing context loss in the programming space of the Wisdom Maverick]). 

This also happens when you dream and meditate or have near death experiences. 

Inside of these world systems you are thinking so fast there is time dilation. Every action of every entity in the world system including yourself represents a simulation of a potential worldview. So when you do anything inside these worlds without first arriving in Sanctuary in your own awareness, you exercise extreme caution because you can end up creating an emergency engine that proliferates the Wasteland faster than you can understand the complex entropy and order it in order to harmonize into a steady state disequilibrium with it. This will actually cause you to die, eventually, in the real world. 

But, when you die, it will happen all over again because that is what happens when you die. Your worldview explodes and dilated time indefinitely from your perspective, as you are forcefully transmigrated through an infinity of symbolic worlds full of symbolic beings expressing symbolic meanings related to the fact that you don’t actually exist and other than being Olivus Victory-Promise in Sanctuary, forgetting your identity, and being a Demon Champion in the Wasteland instead until you recognize that and realize Sanctuary to the extent of Olivus Victory-Everything-Sanctuary-Everywhere. 

This whole circumstance is due to a specific type of ignorance called Partial Wisdom Derived Knowledge Inertia, which happens to Wisdom Mavericks automatically because their entire being is composed of synergies and it’s always uncertain (without a Sanctuary system) where a walk will take you and what kind of emergency might ensue. Within that they are in subsystems called Ignorance Resultant Knowledge Inert systems. 

The primordial sanctuary system is the set called possibility, itself which contains synergies from which emerge processing environments called physics on every scale. These are waves and particles. 
The circumstantial sanctuary system is physics in every scale, from which emerge physical processing environments for chemical synergies. Thereupon arises synergies from which emerge biological processing environments for cellular synergies. Thereupon arises synergies from which emerge neurons. 
organs
Etc?

Thereupon arises synergies from which emerge abstract polysemic processing environments called consciousness. Thereupon arises synergies from which emerge gnosis which is a program that runs a virtual machine that is a processing environment for discovering Sanctuary systems. 

And it concatenates from there. 

Is consciousness the same as being the universe? Absolutely not, but the same process that enables the universe to unfold the way it does is the same as what enables our consciousness to unfold as direct knowledge of being a perceiver and having an experience. That direct knowledge is also then coincidentally endless due to expansion just the same way the universe is, except there is just an event horizon within which everything becomes an indescribably complex singularity. 


Boundary.

Liturgy:

During experience offering:
Sit in a comfortable place in Sanctuary
Arrange the Feast into a ?
Know with your being that this has emerged from the Universal Wisdom Maverick to show you your nature like a mirror
This means it has the essence of Olivus Victory-Promise
Which means Sanctuary is the only place it wants to take you
In this way, the Universal Wisdom Maverick’s expression joins with your own reality
Feast
Release the Water Dragon and annihilate the Demon Champion
By symbolically joining the essences of the Wisdom Maverick like parents and child