The Rainbow Dreamlit Road to Sanctuary

In buddhism:

Four noble truths
	Suffering: psychic disease
	Root of Suffering: ignorance 
	Extinguishment of Suffering: peaceful confidence
	Path of the Middle Way: leads to extinguishment

Refuge
	Outer - The Buddha Shakyamuni
		The Buddha Dharma
		The Sangha of Monks and Nuns and Bodhisattvas
	Inner - Guru Yidam Dakini

	Secret - relative, aspirational and applied bodhichitta and subtle body
Ultimate - absolute bodhichitta

Bodhichitta 
Relative, Aspiration towards liberation of all and Applications of concerned actions
	Absolute Bodhichitta wisdom of reality

Four Contemplations
	Human birth - the precious opportunity
	Impermanence - inevitable death
	Cause and Effect - investigating the infallibility of the fact that what we do affects   everyone psychologically
	Pervasiveness of Samsara - wherever infinite perfection is, it can be viewed ignorantly  as Samsara

Generosity
	Offering oneself as the six paramitas; offering an emanated universe of positivity to all

Purification
	Bonding with wisdom’s innate purity through confession practice – letting your misdeeds dissolve into space and praying that they resolve in a beneficial way for others we have harmed

Guru Yoga
	Generation of oneself as commitment being and the root teacher as Teacher
	Completion: merging minds with the Teacher
Transference
	Preparing for death through the practice of transferring consciousness to a pure realm
Body Offering
	Simultaneous to transference, we recognize ultimately we have no need for a body, and offer it to all. Gods or demons carry it away.
Dedication of Merit
	Dedicate our actions to the positive force of ourselves and others on the path
In dreamlights:

Four noble truths(?)
	Self-torture: psychic disease
	Root of Self-torture: ignorance 
	Extinguishment of Self-torture: peaceful confidence of Sanctuary
	Ennead Path: leads to Sanctuary

Refuge
	Outer - The Sanctuary
		Revelation of Sanctuary
		Inhabitants of Sanctuary

	Inner - The Wisdom Maverick
		Water Dragon
		Infinite Armed Liberatress

	Secret - relative heroic heart of aspirational and applied infinite love, TWI

	Ultimate - absolute heart of the experiential qualities of TWI’s infinite perfection

Heroic Heart 
Relative, Aspiration towards liberation of all and Applications of concerned actions
	Absolute Heart, the wisdom of reality

Four Contemplations
	Human birth - the precious opportunity
	Impermanence - inevitable death
	Cause and Effect - investigating the infallibility of the fact that what we do affects   everyone psychologically
	Pervasiveness of Self-torture - wherever infinite perfection is, it can be viewed ignorantly and create self-torture

Generosity
	Offering oneself as the six paramitas; offering an emanated universe of positivity to all

Purification
	Bonding with wisdom’s innate purity through confession practice – letting your misdeeds dissolve into space by praying that they resolve in a beneficial way for others we have harmed while in meditation (remaining in the bodhichitta experience while dredging up negative thoughts, feelings, and actions of the past)

Guru Yoga
	Generation of oneself as commitment being and the root teacher as Teacher
	Completion: merging our purified, clear expansive and compassionate mind with the Teacher’s realization of suchness

Transference
	Preparing for death through the practice of transferring consciousness to a pure realm

Body Offering
	Simultaneous to transference, we recognize ultimately we have no need for a body, and offer it to all. Gods or demons carry it away.

Dedication of Merit
	Dedicate our actions to the positive force of ourselves and others on the path.


Humans may not be able to know all the knowledge of the universe, but we can know the human experience of evolution's emergent perfection. This is experienced as the emergent process of human evolution: coming into the world as an entity separate from one’s parents and the world, growing to understand one’s place inseparable from the world, as a parent of the child called humanity.

Generally: 

We are brought to life and we experience being the mother
We are birthed into the world and experience the loving parents
We are separated as we grow, which is finalized in puberty
We are drawn towards conflict with the mother or father: we want to become a better version of them and win the love of the other parent but this is a mistaken type of human evolution so we go off to find an externalized version of the other parent while becoming the conflicted one ourselves
We connect with people in the associated situation and we gain insights into what we truly want from our parents, as a child, and what we want to give as a partner and a parent
We realize the whole point of this process is exactly to have a child and for that child to learn to make good choices so its children can live better lives. At this point, we forgive our parents because we connect to what they have gone through as ignorant humans, and we try our best to communicate that feeling to our children. 
All we can do is affect the environment by presenting ourselves. 
By converting the view from a polluted one of beings and identities to one of interdependence and identityless love through the family of the father Oliver Powers, the mother Olive R. Love, and the child Olivus, Sanctuary view becomes a mirror within which whatever you experience is seen as just that - the expression of the core traits of your own humanity, inseparable from the unknowable emergence of the Universe.


In the land of Sukhavati there is a Buddha named Amitabha, surrounded by his retinue of Avalokiteshvara, Vajrapani, and white and green Tara, and billions of bodhisattvas.

Upon being born on the great lake lotus pond of Sukhavati through the miraculous lotus, the lotus will remain closed until the positive force to open it has been accumulated. When the lotus begins to open, all sounds are dharma, all forms are dharma. In Sukhavati, there is no suffering, no poisons, only bliss. Upon fully opening, one directly perceives Amitabha. From there, one can take a day-trip to any other pure realm and progress swiftly on the path. 

In the land of Sanctuary, there is the Wisdom Maverick, surrounded by his retinue of Olive R. Love, Oliver Powers, and the Infinite Armed Liberatress.

Upon suddenly finding oneself beyond the mountain range of Inconceivability, in the storm of Self-created Doubt and the flower blizzard of Pleasurable Beholdance, you will then sight the Water Dragon’s Spine through the clouds of pollution. A bright sound vibrating at a high frequency resounds through everything as the supreme meaning and you instantly awaken in front of the Divine Tree of Olivus. Miraculously born, you are known as Olivus Victory-Promise, and you are a jeweled fruit ripening on the tree with all the other jeweled fruits of the Divine Tree of Olivus. Even though you are not born from the womb, your parents are Oliver Powers and Olive R. Love. As you grow and ripen, you effortlessly gain more and more facets. As other fruits’ facets reflect you, they emergently gain or lose facets, and same for you when you reflect other fruits’ facets in yourself. There is a supreme playful brilliance to the rainbow refractions of the jeweled fruits - seeing everyone in anyone and everything in anything and vice versa. In fact it’s too much and you get confused by the brilliance and impute that you are in fact not Olivus Victory-Promise and instead someone else with a different name, in some place other than Sanctuary - which is all quite impossible. In Sanctuary, all phenomena are the game of play. 
Eventually, the fruit grows so heavy that it falls and breaks open and a jeweled adolescent named Wielder of the Royal Ennead-Ringed Staff grows from its seeds. This jeweled adolescent has even more reflective capacities, but still primarily reflects the facets of themselves to others or others to themselves. Being identityless, The Wisdom Maverick only reflects the facets of others as facets of Sanctuary. The Wisdom Maverick is the transmission of wisdom, embodied. 