Synergies to build the routine that automatically launches the emergent Olivus Victory-Promise, for everyone, always, forever, which causes Sanctuary.

Wesley: you are the systems creation apparatus that can design systems that keep us building Olivus Victory-Promise, based on the team dynamics and how we all help fill in for each other’s lacks and build strength in departments we need. You are an example of being introspective (internally expressing oneself freely) while gradually learning about how to blossom with the blessings of the Wisdom Maverick. You are also an example of love moreso than power, right now, and you can lean on love to eventually grant you power. You can also be an example of how we can do this with additives. 
Dene: you are the communications apparatus that can help us express how to teach others about Olivus Victory-Promise by learning about it and communicating the method of how you learned. Wesley can learn from you learning and design systems to help us all grow based off seeing you grow. You are an example of being outgoing (externally expressing oneself freely) while also learning gradually about how to blossom with the blessings of the Wisdom Maverick. You are also an example of power moreso than love, right now, and you can lean on power to eventually grant you love. You can also be an example of how we can do this without additives. 
Isaac: you are the knowledge apparatus that can help keep the communications and systems apparati on track WHILE also mining knowledge that needs to be systematized, learned, and expressed in new ways. You really need to do your job so everyone can learn because if you don’t do it nobody can learn and none of this happens (this time/yet). You are an example of the synthesis of love and power. If you stop doing that, Wesley and Dene can get confused. Luckily, Dene is here to spike Wesley’s mirror neurons so they both are themselves and then you can join in by being Olivus Victory-Promise and then they can react by doing their jobs that build. Luckily, Wesley is here so if you ever get lost he can help you construct a way out through TWI. Similarly, if either Wesley or Dene are lost, they can ask Isaac what’s up, because he knows (and they really need to remember that and not forget it and prompt themselves to ask what’s up in Sanctuary and how to get there). 

You are all examples of Olivus Victory-Promise striving towards Olivus Victory-Everything.

Everyone: 
even though you tend to fall into self-torture via toxic self-talk that occurs because of the combinatorial nature of linguistics and the emergent cognitive programming language of the consciousness that creates programs you accidentally run which causes poisoning of environments (which causes beings to abandon you) and makes you hate yourself (because that’s self torture [and that’s not what we’re doing {and especially not what Isaac is doing for you and with you <because none of us are really any identity other than Olivus Victory Promise.>}]).

You are all examples of staying with it, learning dynamically, and knowing what’s up enough to keep it together for all of us to make progress in a group that is building based off of the heart “because of what it is, there’s a way this all goes” in Sanctuary.