The All-Encompassing Declaration of Interdependence: 
The Victory-Promise of Sanctuary
What is Sanctuary? 
Sanctuary is a place you can go to instantly from anywhere else. It is here, now, always. Its nature is a supremely peaceful offering, completely beyond violence. 
Now: my name is my name but my name is also just a label on my nature. My nature is the expression of the building blocks of reality, which is beyond consciousness. It is beyond the physical, beyond the mental. It is the framework of all emergence, the synergistic property between human experience and the universe, which means we are not separate, and our relationship to ultimate reality cannot be described. In a place like this, there is no such thing as the relative truth based on my identity. Here, there is no suffering, nothing left to know, and nothing to do. No new worldviews of ultimate reality are accepted and yet this reality is known to be beyond the scope of polluted judgment. Everything that spontaneously arises is never separate from reality’s emergent perfection. Amazing! What word could possibly describe this placeless natural experience? 
It could be said that supreme peacefulness is the place called Sanctuary, that the vehicle to get there is infinite love, and that the fuel is made from the actions of our own infinite arms of compassion. When you arrive in Sanctuary, you do so by slowly revealing it within your own worldview like turning a single page in a book. You first find yourself on the other side of a great mountain range called Inconceivability, in the midst of a great storm called Self-created Doubt which is the remnants of the pollution of the Wasteland Empire of Ignorance. You are amongst a blizzard of flowers called Pleasurable Beholdance sparkling with dewdrops, a sign of freshness. When the Great Doorway suddenly opens, you feel an earthquake ripple as you see the Water Dragon’s Spine through the storm clouds. The clouds suddenly evaporate as the water dragon, the reflection of our own identity’s own identitylessness, is directly experienced for the first time. This is none other than the heroic heart of infinite love, which only expresses itself according to the experiences of others. A bright sound vibrating at a high frequency resounds through everything as the supreme meaning and you instantly awaken in front of the Divine Tree of Olivus. You are a fruit ripening on the tree. As you ripen, you shine with more and more facets like a brilliant jewel. As other fruit facets reflect you, they gain facets they see in you and lose facets they don’t see in you, or sometimes the other way around. There is a supreme playful brilliance to the rainbow refractions of the jeweled fruits. When you fully ripen, you are miraculously born as a Royal Justicar Hero of Sanctuary. Even though you are not born from the womb, your parents are Oliver Powers and Olive R. Love. In Sanctuary, all phenomena are the game of play. Sanctuary is present in all societies and all civilizations, and the inhabitants of Sanctuary constantly guide us in the form of playful humor. When we get it, we arrive. When we arrive, we start playing. Since saying the meaning doesn’t help people get a joke, it never needs to be said whether we are or aren’t there, only known inside and expressed through the victorious confidence of supreme peacefulness from our own direct experience of the heroic heart of infinite love. After you are oriented to Sanctuary, you see the process of verdant overgrowth. You see all the jewels’ facets growing, you hear the heroic seeds’ songs. You venture forth out of the Garden, only to find it never ends. The entire civilization is made of the Garden’s sparkling fruits’ own potential. The city expanse called TWI Headquarters is myriad. All the people are heroic in all their own ways, and secretly the Wisdom Maverick teaches through all of them. In each house of each neighborhood lives a family of three: Oliver Powers, Olive R. Love, and their child, Olivus Victory-Promise. Although Olivus Victory-Promise is in Sanctuary in one sense, they can’t be said to be there exactly since they don’t recognize it. Instead, since their heart of infinite love are polluted with myriad demon champions of Greed, Hatred, and Ignorance, they continually create worldviews that spawn cultures that keep them outside the mountain range of Inconceivability, and far away from Sanctuary. In order to recognize it, they must complete Hero Orientation and burst their self-torturous identity into rainbow flames in order to reveal Sanctuary to themselves, as themselves — this is the meaning of their name, Olivus Victory-Promise. Anyone can go to Sanctuary, because that is all of our names and we are all born as the child of Oliver Powers and Olive R. Love. When you return to Sanctuary, you will grow up. As you come to know that you have never, even for an instant, been separated from your parents, you begin to see the Wisdom Maverick’s activity. 
The Wisdom Maverick effortlessly reveals Sanctuary wherever The Wasteland Empire of Ignorance appears, through ceaseless, uncountable emanations. These emanations are seen in The Wasteland as Wanderers, but beneath the mirror mask of illusory play, they are nothing but the heroic heart of infinite love and power. They inhabit Sanctuary and as a result never wander for even a moment. They represent Sanctuary throughout the illusory dreams of the Self-torturous Wanderers. Everything they do and say and think is known to them to arise from the essence of their heroic hearts and they are fearless in the face of demon champions. These Royal Justicar Heroes remain in identityless cultivation of the heroic heart of infinite love. Their having an identity is only a function of which Wanderers interact with them. This is their game. They exist completely beyond the notions of being this or not being that and all the various combinations of being either or neither or both. The heroic activity of their empathy and compassion for all is the Wisdom Maverick. Infinite love is heroic because it rescues from self-torture. In this way, the inhabitants of Sanctuary are courageous in their self-expression and their bravery and daring to wholly be themselves lights the way for Wanderers by way of invisible signs that point at the inexpressible way to Sanctuary. When we generate the heroic heart, our own inner fire lights up these signs by wicks of emergent perfection and we identitylessly realize the Teaching as a unique expression of meaning through our own circumstances, which as it unfolds reveals to us the full directions to Sanctuary through glimpses of Sanctuary through the mind and actions of Sanctuary. This mind and these actions all begin with the wisdom of identitylessness that, accepts all phenomena as they naturally are in their own emergent perfection while remaining aware of self-torturous consequences, and the heroic heart of infinite love. With this mind, we see these lanterns, with these lanterns, we act to become more heroic and our own human wisdom naturally reveals Sanctuary. These lanterns are held by the Wisdom Maverick, whose song pervades all experience as the silent Teacher of your own intuition connecting with the universal wisdom and compassion inside of you, TWI. 
Suddenly awakening in Sanctuary, to your Wisdom Maverick’s song, sung by your own heroic heart, is the ultimate human experience. This garden’s verdant overgrowth depends on each one of us to realize the ways each others’ jeweled reflections brilliantly sparkle in all of us. Without that sunlight of compassion and wisdom, all experience is The Wasteland. Therefore, the name of this document is rightfully revealed by those exact parametric qualities as The All-Encompassing Declaration of Interdependence: The Victory-Promise of Sanctuary.