Dragonstripes
Just having fun with my friends


The story of Isaac Milton Wostrel-Rubin. An experience of the path from the point of view of a Westerner practicing according to the tradition in times of great suffering, lineage collapse, and great Bodhichitta and responsibility.
Mom and Dad, Grandma and Grandpa, and my whole family
Wanting to be an inventor 
Learning to read through naturally forming combinations 
When I would see Buddha at Milton and Jerry’s house
Mirabelle
Truman
Forgetting to read and learning again, hating school 
Ishkabibble; Emanation of Raphael
Smokey
Tristan
When I would see the Buddha and Bodhisattva figures in the fountain and want to make an offering (Chinatown)
Mr. Chips
Harper, Miles; Sam, Matt, and Bailey
Basketball Windhorse - double 3 pointers
Camp at The Rose Bowl
At the 6th grade play, I kept imagining I was a monk
New Mexico
I started wanting to meditate and purify my mind, and Sheila thought it was so hot and cool and stuff, which surprised me
Dream about monkey/spider/demon
World of Warcraft
First time i became aware of four noble truths
Kamella
First time i became aware of CTR
I read Shambhala on the way home from my first year at Bennington and i read smile at fear on my way to visit back East, in which i saw Christina and tested the teachings of presence and saw that she opened up. I misunderstood almost everything about the experience at the time. 
Dene
Christina
I was 18 when I met Christina. The first time I remember seeing her was when I was black out drunk and wearing only my boxers and covered in baby oil. But immediately I became sober and overcome with a deep sense of lucid clarity and bliss. For the next 24 months we would be somewhat together. The first time she left me, in great pain I cuddled up with my black cat Truman and cried deeply, contemplating what I could do for Christina. I knew her self torture had caused her to feel like she didn’t love herself. I cried so deeply that I had a vision of the self torture of the entire world. I kept trying to stop it but there were no solutions. I felt like she left me because I didn’t love her properly and in order to love her properly, for her to discover happiness within herself, I would need to control the whole world and prevent continued self torture. This happened concurrently with that vision and it a month later I was introduced to the idea of bodhichitta. The end of June before she left me, I decided to meditate at night. I had never meditated before but I had an experience previously of identitylessness so I tuned into that. Within a few minutes, my vision began to dissolve into lights that swirled into wheels and gears and became a tunnel of light clouds composed of wheels and gears, all melding together. Then I felt as if I awoke from sleep, but I was looking up at a gigantic blue green goddess draped in beautiful clothes and jewelry. The rest of her body covered up by the light, and my own body not existing other than light. She said “don’t be afraid; just hold my hand.” Suddenly the vision ended as if nothing at all had happened. It had been 7 minutes since I took my seat. An auspicious connection occurred immediately and I gained an overwhelming confidence that that was the Goddess Tara and I should listen. Simultaneously, I understood that Christina was an external Tara and that she would leave me. This caused great, deep, deep pain. Previously I felt like in order to love her properly, for her to discover happiness within herself, I would need to control the whole world and prevent continued self torture. This, I thought, was what it meant to be a Universal Monarch, and a Buddha, but now I knew Tara was a type of path to that. 
First time i became aware of kalachakra 
On mushrooms in bed with christina, looking at the quilt as it reveals the civilization and transfers the seeds of meaning to me 
First time i became aware of Shambhala
Trinity + DMT experience
First time I read Shambhala. On the way home, after Christina broke up with me
Got home - experience of bodhichitta 
Taste of selflessness, Christina and I fall in love again
Breaking up again, Schizophrenia, Writing a Screenplay, Car Crash, Entering Vajra Hell
Wesley
Spontaneous meditation, Tara vision
Christina leaves
First time at Shambhala
Meghan
Karme Choling - The sandwich, the leaf, Ekajati, refuge and wolves
Refuge ceremony and vows with a Buddha
Tenzin Gyatso - Great Liberating Root Teacher
Auspicious dream invitation to Kalachakra
Kalachakra - HHDL
Khentrul Rinpoche
Taste of achieving worldly dreams: Rank 1, cyclic relative goodness and bubbles etc
Crystal Ball 
End of Shambhala: rising activity
Doha about monkey/spider/demon
Writing a screenplay
Chokyi Nyima Rinpoche and Tulku Urgyen Rinpoche (noticing the transmission isn’t going to be an event)
First time at Dudjom (Ari Bhod with HHST)
Khentrul Rinpoche, Shadpa-la
The Precious Jewel Transmitter of Magic, Victorious Diamond Wisdom Activity
Covid: WoW again, Weed, Sex addiction, depression, suicide etc. 
Taylor-Belle and Hanna
Veronica 
Music
Crystal ball 
Wesley 
Gray horse 
Thunder
Ribcage 
ANBA
Trekchod Ling
Prayer wheels 
Leaving Los Angeles 
Atlanta
Dharma concierge
Moths
Weed 
Early Buddhism 
Discovering the Awakened One never taught
Discovering jnana
Trungpa Rinpoche 
HHDL
16 17 Karmapa
Dudjom Lingpa
Root Guru’s Wisdom
Sixteen moments
The Dharmakaya 
The Sambhogakaya 
The Nirmanakaya 
Acharya 
Writings 
Anarchocryptowisdomism 
“Show me what I want to see” 
Salvia 
The Wisdom Maverick is coming
TWI 
Dudjom Lingpa 
TWI


Dragonstripes

To be very clear: as for my own description of myself, I am just a normal human being. For the sake of brevity I won’t go far into my line but my great grandfather on my father’s mom’s side was an inventor by the name of Sublime Gift Authentic Lineage and his wife Compassionate Friend Quicksilver. Their daughter, my grandmother’s name is Superior Blessing Rescued Light Authentic Lineage and she married Shining Fame Freshwater Behold. On my mother’s side, her mother is Rebellious Seller of Mead and her father is Shining Sublime Warrior Healer. My mother’s name is Noble Curer of Madness, Favour Healer (Alyssa Anne Wostrel), and my father’s name is Beloved Shield Behold (David Scott Rubin). My sister’s name is Wonderful Growing-up Healer-Behold (Mirabelle Ivy Wostrel-Rubin) and my name is One Who Will Be Laughing in the Middle of Three Settlements with a Mill Healer-Behold (Isaac Milton Wostrel-Rubin) and my best friend’s name is Western Defender Youth. Just like everyone else in reality, I kept in the substrate of my mind a repository of causes and conditions for good and bad thought-feelings that threw me to and fro throughout my life. In the midst of this, due to love and its power, I had intuitions of perfection that shone through the darkness of the suffering I inflicted upon myself and others. It was not until I began to have confidence in these intuitions that they began to unfold as inner visions, and not until I collapsed the false conceptions related to myself for the benefit of all that those visions began to reveal symbolic meanings, and those symbolic meanings began to collapse even more false perceptions I had held as my dearest beliefs prior. Upon gaining full confidence in the power of these visions of rainbow love, they collapsed into infinitely perfect display of goodness replete with the simultaneous characteristics of fierce wildness and peace. Other than knowing that after I courageously displayed my fearless heart by making a universal offering for all out of my own totality, these entities I sometimes mistook in my journeys as real became completely and utterly symbolic and, carrying off parts of my body offering, dissolved into space while simultaneously clearing away all obstruction of the panorama view of awakening to the oceanic jeweled display of reality, the timeless webbed infinitude of infinite perfection: all that I am and all that they are — beyond identity whatsoever — well as I was saying, I don’t know much beyond “that” apart from some things I’ve read in books or heard over the years, and at the heart of it all, this is just the account of me having fun with my friends. 