Dreamchain Crypto Player Product Overview Notes and Questions 
2/6/18

1) Availability of content - is everything available to me for free except for artist curated playlists? 

2) connectivity and playability - how easy is this to put on my devices and play on XYZ speakers?
-bluetooth, etc
-Can I mine via my phone or does dreamchain only become profitable from streaming via a computer? Is it even profitable or am I just getting peanuts and paying extra just so the artists can make some money with their master nodes? 

3) Can I host my own curated playlist and receive the same pay structure as artist curated playlists?

4) Why am I paying? Is it because dream coins are backed by FIAT?
-Can I pay the fees in DREAMCOIN or do I have to pay in FIAT?
-Why am I paying FIAT, specifically? Is DREAMCOIN like TetherUSD?

5) Why does rating songs, itself, earn coins? 
That seems like it would help bots get ahead of users. How does dream chain protect its users’ payouts from being collected almost entirely by bots and idle streams?

6) How are dream coins mined?
-What is the block solving process for a dream coin? What is the delivery system of this block - the stream?
-What does Novelty entail in proof of novelty? 

7) What is the special connection I get to an artist when I buy their stuff?
I feel special when I don’t have to pay AND the artist makes money anyway because my view itself has value, like with YOUTUBE AD PAY STRUCTURE.


8) How rare are dream coins?
9) How do artists earn dream coins?


10) If I upload a song to youtube, can I make money on dreamchain?
11) If I upload a video to youtube, can I make money on dreamchain?
12) What happens to Dreamchain if youtube develops its own crypto?
13) Can youtube prevent dreamchain from operating?
16) If the playlists on dreamchain are created by artists, but dreamchain streams via youtube, aren’t I basically just paying for the opportunity to mine a cryptocurrency via streaming a playlist on Dreamstream that I could stream on youtube for free?

17) What services does DREAMCOIN (currency) provide?
Tipping on youtube? (isnt this reddcoin?)
What are the fees associated with Dreamcoin transactions? How much money am I going to lose exchanging my Dreamcoin to USD to pay Dreamchain USD for my privilege to mine Dreamcoin? 

18) Why isn’t it as simple as this?
I LOG ON
I STREAM MUSIC FOR FREE
ARTIST MAKES MONEY/I MAKE MONEY
In other words, this is a platform for the AUDIENCES AND ARTISTS to MONETIZE their CONNECTION without a middleman, so why does DREAMCHAIN now act as the middleman instead of only becoming the platform for that new trust?


19) Some streaming services come with free perks - Google gives free youtube red, amazon comes with prime etc. Is the idea with Dreamstream that it comes with blockchain that can make me and the artist money?


20) Can I upload my library to dream chain to increase the searchable/streamable music library and get paid a fraction of the master node payout through being a decentralized host/seed? Or is this based on youtube, or is there no way to curate a playlist unless I’m famous?

21) What does mining for NOVELTY mean? Am i VERIFYING the ORIGINALITY of a song via an algorithm?

22) Do individual curated playlists act as mining pools or master nodes?
