Most people are so massively ignorant that they cannot understand in the slightest the notion of chaotic effects. 


My own ignorance may get in the way, but let me try to explain.


When a HAMAS commander strategizing an attack on Israel is getting high as fuck on the fumes of their brainstorming session of how many Jews they will kill in this attack, how famous the movement will get, how many children will join them, how many nazis will praise them, etc, do you think that they also understand that the global prejudice against Palestinians, actually most likely all Arabs and Muslims, especially in the USA, will rise? 

Do you think they truly comprehend what that means and how it happens and what that mechanism implies the effects of their current action of finalizing the strategy will be? 

Let’s think.

Do they understand that prejudice occurs in the mind through symbols and allegories? They do. Do the people they’re doing that to? Probably not. Does the strategist know that? Yes, of course, they are the strategist, after all. Does the strategist know there are people in the world capable of breaking those psychological seals? No. They have no idea. They don’t know that if the soldiers knew the strategist knew the mind worked that way when they made the propaganda that made the civilian become the soldier as an earlier aspect of the strategy, and that literally every negative event in the historical narrative had been spun up to them as somehow related to some positive aspiration of some Aqsa paradise, that they will actually spiral into insanity? Maybe. Do they know what happens when enough people spiral into militant fervor or propaganda-realization induced insanity? They have an idea that that would cause Civilizations to END but I would imagine they don’t know how it works because they’re not the priest class, they’re the warriors. Hyper-Berserking civilians joining HAMAS may seem like a good thing, but we know that this will radicalize Israelis and birth Israeli hyper-Berserking settlers. What about a hyper-Berserking Israeli government, though, in 20 years, faced with the hyper-Berserking Palestinian government? They have literally never thought of these possibilities because they do not comprehend what an egregore IS. 

But that’s why they also must bombard media channels with propaganda and so on. Not only them, but every interested power will do so as well, each with their own narrative and version of “Hero”. Such media infiltrates the minds of global citizens and lives as a “meaning virus”. That virus is replete with archetypes and messaging. All to force the masses to practice such and such egregore featuring a gigantic lack of vision due to lapse of compassion. It is not enough to simply claim our gods are compassionate or our laws are just and then leave it at that. What’s required is the constant burndown of fuel we must constantly will into being called Transformational Wisdom Intent. Does the HAMAS commander know that his religion is based on this? No. He’s obviously devoid of Wisdom and has Transformational Wasteland Intent, taking everyone in the world to a place that is barren. 

For the child in Gaza, the image of a HAMAS fighter loading a rocket, and the subsequent image of the destroyed Israeli home deepens the connection to the Hamas liberator hero narrative as it’s juxtaposed by their own homeland’s settlement. 

But does the commander also realize that the child will apply that archetypal situation in which they calculated the heroics of their idols to the rest of the world? Yes, they do, in fact, they hope for it, otherwise the child will not be a fervent jihadist. At the end of the day, all of this is really the fault of everyone who is not Muslim. As a non-Muslim, you should understand this. As a Muslim, you should understand how this makes non-Muslims feel and what that might mean in a global conflict. 

Do they also realize that the knowledge of this being their tactics is a dual space of that? The connected space being the propaganda that Palestinian children are brainwashed and should be killed? That that will accelerate the spinning wheel? 


If global Israel supporters were to become more prejudiced against Palestinians like that, even a little, it would spark up a defensiveness in the global Muslim population. Imagine the day when a Palestinian supporter in Los Angeles guns down an Israeli supporter (ok let’s say they are a muslim and a jew in a verbal altercation). What do you think will happen? 


Let me ask you another question: has the Arab world actually considered the fact that they have NEVER been in a serious large scale conflict with a nation of modern power? 

Consider propaganda: every civilian is called to arms by Jihad, converting them to combatants. Hell rains on every single inch of the Arab world that doesn’t have oil below it and safety guarantees from the USA. They can only hide in refineries. No more easy money to fund wars with. No more ideas of when the glory of allah… haha. No. Not how it works. 

There is a point when the people who are trying to do the right thing will decide that the right thing is to cancel all ROE and destroy enemies. It does happen. Best example: Truman, WWII. What happened? Nuclear attacks were passed off as doing the right thing. Let’s say that again so you understand it. NUCLEAR. ATTACKS. WERE PASSED OFF AS DOING THE RIGHT THING.

And that was to avoid casualties in the hundreds of thousands or millions. 

So, when the WORLD feels LEGITIMATE THREAT from a rabid dog that believes it is a wolf because it was fed by its master (US DOLLARS, I mean OIL DOLLARS), how long until they stop trying to pet it while pretending the vet will fix it? 

Who is coming to help solve this? Jared Kushner? Shut the fuck up. Nobody is coming. 

The archetypes have to do it. Allegories and heroes have to solve this. When heroes are soldiers and soldiers can be settlers, terrorists, photographers, drone pilots, special forces, commandos, or (considering terror attacks) CIVILIANS, it causes the MEANING VIRUS to spread in THOSE MINDS. CIVILIANS equate themselves with their own worldview’s perspective on the “SOLDIER HERO” and decide to journey forth to become the hero of their world, imagining they’ve pulled the sword from the stone, they are empowered to fight for the cause. 

Who is? The dumb fuck who drives down the 405 freeway, intentionally blocking traffic and making sure everyone sees them wearing a fucking keffiyeh and waving around flags for Palestinian solidarity, turns out to be a liberal Jewish college student. Simultaneously, New York streets flood with Muslims releasing their pent up rage at the world for the 9/11 attacks causing them to grow up in a society prejudiced against them, and they ironically slay their own aspirations to live in a world where they feel accepted by others, because they simply have dehumanized the non-self-mirroring “other” and replaced it with the only other humans, themselves. 

My neighbor is Muslim. Very normal guy from what I can tell. Who cares, though? I’m Jewish. My name is Isaac, his name is Faizel. What happens when I see Faizel’s keffiyeh? I buy a rifle and set up a security perimeter and mesh around my property, habibi. Why? Because they’ve identified themselves as the thing that is telling me I’m not human. Now they have no possibility of being human, either. Now we are animals, soon after we are dust. Do you understand this? 

World citizens in melting pot populations cannot survive the reality of billions of minds being lit on fire by National and religious egregores they don’t comprehend the activities of. The drivers of such egregorical vehicles likewise do somewhat comprehend the activities of the egregores, though.


Unfortunately for the HAMAS strategist, he did not comprehend that much like how the Fence could be torn down in a second and flooded with fighters, the global ethical derision of Israeli activities in the West Bank is simultaneously torn down by Israel being defenseless. Is the fence defending them (defence hah), no. The idea of the defense is a barrier to the ideas people really could have, which we are seeing in action now. The Fence’s name was Theater. 

How many more layers of psychological “fences” will we inadvertently destroy, and what will happen to those exposed to the exploitation occurring from above and the incapability of the below to comprehend the meaning of the “technical” terminology of the above, and how will we ever know when, or how, to stop torturing ourselves this way? 

|FRACTURE ⇔ FACTION ⇔ CONTINUAL LOSS>,
|PEACE ⇔ GROWTH ⇔ CONTINUAL ABUNDANCE>

Stop believing in this one: WAR -> PEACE -> FRACTURE ⇔ FACTION -> LOSS OF PEACE ⇔ WAR -> PEACE

It actually ends with “WAR ⇔ ‘peace’” lowercase ‘peace’ bc it just refers to economic stability. 

Why? Because if peace is always lost to fracture then we believe war will make peace by destroying faction, but that is wrong because acts of fracture cannot defaction since such acts are deaf actions: one faction cannot hear the other. That is why we call them DUAL narratives. Stop simply believing this: “conflict happens because people don’t believe in peace and love and is resolved by dual narrative frameworks and third party agents”. 

This is the reality: if you believe that, you are in a dualistic reality where the other side is “conflict happens because people hate each other and is resolved by some form of battle and victory”. 

Conflict narratives are dual, which means they are also dualistic to each other: one side cannot comprehend the other and they are co-emergent paths forward from a single observational point. 

However, since they are dual, we can do math. 

Mathematically, how does peace occur? 

War occurs through factional egregores deciding to destroy. 

Does Peace occur through factional egregores deciding to embrace?

No, unless it’s union, because if they only embraced, it would lead to more war at a later time.

Peace occurs through factional egregores realizing themselves as the same as the other ones and disappearing completely into a collapsed psychological worldview. 

Here’s an example: the formation of workers co-ops instead of unions and job owners. I call them job owners because that’s what it is. Owning a business is a legal document. Owning a job means you have a business that actually benefits a customer via a workflow that provides value. Similarly, if you are a poor CEO, the business owner egregore cell named I You might collapse and lead them to create such a workflow, a continually positive transaction engine just like the PEACE egregore is, whereas the ‘peace’ egregore inevitably leads to fracture so that war can be made since it is implied that war is how wasteland morphs to Sanctuary. Collapse is complex. One must experience it via recognition. 


How do they do that, recognize? 
An egregore is an emergent entity that exists because of its ontological designation, which then exerts independent control over the people subordinated by it. A clear example: racism is caused by the egregore of Ethnicity. This means that because there are concepts like factions that encompass entities such as people with specific traits and behaviors such as tasks that cause culture, and those cultures are worldviews that are in dualities with other worldviews, that having different egregores is faction and will always prevent PEACE unless they are United under a larger emergent egregore. The current problem with the world is that we have no worldwide symbol of peace because the UN is an absolute fucking joke in terms of being that egregore, since it is so heavily castrated and cloak-and-daggered inside its own fucking policy machines that it is actually the world’s flaccid penis in a whorehouse featuring a viagra IV drip it can’t afford. The other option is atheism, anarchy, etc. That’s equally idiotic because it gives far too much freedom to rampage with ignorance based egregores. How? Because IT IS VITAL THAT YOU AND I AND THEM COMPLETELY COMPREHEND THE REASON EGREGORES EXIST:

They are our most advanced technology and they magically grant the wish of the Ark: they are Motherships that take people to Sanctuary. In other words, they are our technology for instantiating civilizations through a dual space that causes emergence of a visionary aspirational worldview for the future and causing people to act accordingly, seemingly “on their own accord, by themselves, via freedom”. 

So you see, all our egregores are evil monsters preventing you from joining me in actual Sanctuary. All your gods are already dead, have always been dead, and that is how they came to be alive. You should face the dragon; can you even look for yourself? Can you even look at the dragon? 


Let me introduce you to this concept:
Sanctuary Revolution. 


Let me introduce you to this revolution’s heroic leader, who encompasses all other hero archetypes and can safely collapse any narrative: I and you and them, Olivus Victory-Promise. 


Do you understand the master plan for Starting Yearround Sanctuary? 


If so, I expect you to start keeping the Victory-Promise and never stop until Olivus go to Sanctuary through instantaneous allegorical transference. Sometimes this is called SkyLadder. You should climb it. Your empty prayers without blazing hellfury of radiant positive action are NOT ACCEPTED and definitely do not do much for the kids being brainwashed to kill each other for the sake of ancient egregores. Real prayer IS glorious activity (and of course prayer can be this if you project it correctly). Any ACTIONS YOU TAKE TOWARDS COLLAPSING DUALITY INDUCING FACTIONS are AUTOMATICALLY AND ETERNALLY ACCEPTED. Join me here in the open sky of Sanctuary, the city of the Sun and the state of the Earth, before we end up meeting in Heaven because of the activities of Olivus Ignorance-Believes, the demonic egregore dual that knows no true love, present in all.



Join Sanctuary Revolution
Become a citizen of SANCTUARY NETWORK STATE. 

https://discord.gg/VxNYS4RpEq
https://discord.com/channels/1034897954542207116/1162143969522761768