Hey Angie,

Great speaking with you earlier. As discussed I’m reaching out to introduce you to our newly available rental equipment and the safety features it provides which have, until now, been overlooked by productions. I also want to give you some background information on my company, how it was designed, etc. CC'd is our co-founder, Wesley Evans. If Vigilant is interested to learn more about how to integrate our products into production safety SOPs, we would be happy to meet with you remotely or in person in ATL.

Below is some quick info about Ribcage Solutions and the Ribcage Kit. I've also attached our product brochure which is just nicer to look at.

Product:

Our patent-pending RIBCAGE KIT is a portable and modular lightning protection system kit designed specifically to protect large towable and skid-mount power generators on set during inclement weather. The system can be adapted to protect generators of any size and is easily assembled and installed by crew electricians following our comprehensive step-by-step instructions. We can also provide installation for an additional fee. We require all RIBCAGE KITS to undergo professional LPI Master Installer inspections before use and we also provide this service.

Design:

Designed by a certified Master Installer to meet and exceed Lightning Protection Institute standards (LPI-175 and NFPA-780), the RIBCAGE KIT system is engineered with UL listed parts from LPI approved manufacturers.

Assembly: 

Our RIBCAGE KITS come with a printed set of simple to follow assembly instructions, accompanied by video walkthroughs available on our website. However, if production would like to skip the hassle we also offer on-site assembly for a fee, assessed in accordance with the number of units and set conditions.

Grounding:

The grounding system is one of the most critical elements of a RIBCAGE KIT. In order to protect the system from alteration post-installation, we require that all exposed conductor cables running along the ground must be covered by yellow jackets. This is standard to help protect the individuals near the grounding cable, so we also provide yellowjacket rentals in any required quantity to suit the production’s needs.

Inspection:

After a kit is assembled and grounded, productions schedule a virtual inspection from our LPI-Certified partner Intercept Lightning Protection. Inspections are carried out over video call, and an official letter of inspection is issued for each kit when it meets our standard installation criteria. All assembled kits must be inspected before they can be considered safe to use.

Best,