The Ennead Plan for World Peace and the Indefinite Preservation of Innate Human Dignity and Freedom in the Form of a World Haven for Human Rights, Liberty, and Justice for All:
Spontaneous Emergence of TWI Sanctuary
A key concept in Sanctuary’s roadmap is to go “heart first, land last – but not land never” by starting with an online community oriented towards heroic inner transformation and then materializing our aspirations into the physical world in various degrees until the realization of the ultimate heroic manifestation, the World-State called Sanctuary and its institutions called TWI. We get there in nine steps, so it is called the Ennead Plan. Sanctuary is the manifestation of the heroic heart, which itself is the manifestation of humanity’s capacity for love. Since love is the basis of all human rights, dignity, liberty, freedom, and justice, Sanctuary presupposes the preservation of all good human interests, is indestructible, and is infinitely present. It is also a process of continuous revelation since Sanctuary for all of us first requires basically establishing one’s identity with the compassionate intuition of the heroic heart. Our human hearts bloom outward according to our thoughts and actions towards ourselves and others and when we act heroically it is like a garden of verdant overgrowth. Since internal realization is required for externalization of Sanctuary, it is called wisdom. The entirety of this plan is based on individual heroic wisdom, the internal realization of infinite love for the maverick-like externalization of human compassion’s ultimate victory over The Wasteland Empire of Ignorance’s demon champions Hatred, Greed, and Ignorance. In a sense, lack of empathy is none other than these three demon champions; and continuity of empathy is none other than wisdom. This plan is therefore also called the wisdom intent – TWI. The fullness of empathy is peace. Finally, because this document explains all the points contained in it, it exacts its purpose and may serve as the plan and is therefore called an expressional form of what it means to be human. Due to this explanation, the correct title for this document is therefore recognized as: The Ennead Plan for World Peace and the Indefinite Preservation of Innate Human Dignity and Freedom in the Form of a World Haven for Human Rights, Liberty, and Justice for All: Spontaneous Emergence of TWI Sanctuary, and it explains this nine stepped plan that starts with you. 
Discover the Heroic Heart of Infinite Love. 
This is the intuitive power that wells up inside when we act out of empathy. It is the ceaseless motivation related to the aspiration for the happiness and liberation from suffering of all.
Become a treasure revealer at The World Incorporated (TWI). 
TWI is the wisdom intent as The World Incorporated, which operates as our government. TWI runs on the Sanctuary Nexus, a social platform for aggregating the aspirations towards understanding oneself and others, discovering infinite love inside oneself and expressing it outside. Unlike a social network, the Sanctuary Nexus has a purpose: it enables users to coordinate skills for their mutual benefit and structures infinite online sub-communities, groups of people working together to solve various problems with the same motivation, which incidentally happens to be saving the world one small step at a time, together, through basic human empathy. The reason you will become a treasure revealer is because the treasured aspirations on Sanctuary Nexus, the foundations upon which are built the treasured projects that cause the Wisdom Maverick’s wave-like victorious empathy, are none other than your own experience of the heroic heart of infinite love, the most precious treasure of the universe. 
Join the Sanctuary Nexus by Revealing Your Treasure. 

Using Sanctuary Nexus, empower and inspire others by expressing yourself in an empathic way - this is social heroism.This step refers to engaging with this cycle for the first time, revealing your first treasure on the Sanctuary Nexus, itself. 

Become a Hero. 

By expressing yourself on the Sanctuary Nexus, you will become inspired by extant projects you participate in and grow your expression of the heroic heart of infinite love (or find an opportunity to reveal a new one). As you become a more powerful hero, you develop a crystal-ball-like expressiveness of your own unique wisdom. 

Actualize the Sanctuary Network State’s Functions. 

These are treasured projects of the Sanctuary Nexus to “link all project communities’ physical nodes together into a network archipelago, a set of digitally connected physical territories distributed around the world. Nodes of the network archipelago range from one-person apartments to in-person communities of arbitrary size.” As well as building the MetaSanctuary, a network for preserving Sanctuary’s institutions via virtual and physical entities.

Conduct an on-chain census. 

“As the society scales, run a cryptographically auditable census to demonstrate the growing size of [Sanctuary’s] population, income, and real-estate footprint.” This is how Sanctuary proves traction in the face of skepticism.

Outer Sanctuary. 

Obtain territory, either man-made or organic, and establish the Sanctuary World-State - a global sanctuary state for refugees from the self-torturous activities of oneself and others based on accepting responsibility for preserving the heroic heart of infinite love, which is a human right.

Gain diplomatic recognition. 

The heroic heart of infinite love is just and, as a literally indestructible Sanctuary state in all meanings, extends infinite diplomacy at all costs and waits for Sanctuary to spread internally in The Wasteland Empire of Ignorance like crystal-light refractions of rainbow wildfire. 

Increase Activity. 

Constantly engage in the verdant overgrowth of inner and outer Sanctuary throughout the world until the expression of infinite love is the cultural new world order, the Sanctuary World-State. 
The key point of Sanctuary’s roadmap is the intention to conquer The Wasteland Empire of Ignorance via the Sanctuary network born from the heroic heart of infinite love and peace, and do so everywhere its pollution appears. Unlike an ideologically disaligned and geographically centralized legacy state in The Wasteland Empire of Ignorance, which packs millions of viewpoints and cultures in one place and fights with its enemy viewpoints and cultures in physical wars, Sanctuary’s human heroes are ideologically aligned but geographically decentralized and Sanctuary’s enemy viewpoints and cultures are effortlessly destroyed from within themselves by the indestructible psychological warfare of the all-victorious tactician, human empathy, which non-contradictorily fights by means of infinite love — love by all means necessary. This type of supremely determined activity is called the Secret Gathering Cycle of the Wisdom Maverick’s Whirling Flame-like Rainbow Dreamlights. Heroes are spread around the world in clusters of varying size, but their hearts are in the one place where the immortal Wisdom Maverick lives, TWI, the Sanctuary of all of our hearts of infinite love. Not even a truly demonic enemy’s power could ever match their ever-victorious, all-protecting activity, which is like indestructible whirling flames; as soon as the heroic heart wells forth, victory over enemy viewpoints and cultures is assured. Sanctuary’s royal justicar heroes remain ever-dignified because in them, the heartbeat proclamation of Sanctuary resounds as their lifeblood pulse:

Sanctuary is coming!
;) 
Sanctuary is here!

— TWI TWI