A YANA is a product that takes someone from one place to another

In the form of: 
labeling the problem
Labeling the root
Labeling the absence of the root
create an eternalistic view in the subject 
Labeling the path
The eternalistic view continues while they are on the path,
the eternalistic view collapses, revealing the end of the path, which reveals the real path as being cycles of that, which means there was not an end before, and it’s still going
This can’t be nihilistic, because it is the result of doing eternalistic things that collapse eternalism
 So it collapses both nihilism and eternalism
But not in an eternal way, since without the Yana there could be Nihilism
And the yana must be continuously reified into existence
Therefore one must practice
Therefore it never ends
But simply practicing is not “the goal” 
The goal is to practice so much that you get to the point where “simple practice” is all you need
Same goes for Olivus
Same goes for All of Us
Same goes for higher order Wisdom Mavericks
1. The Mind as a Crystal Ball: Our minds can reflect and shape reality. By studying the patterns within it, we unlock hidden knowledge (TWILITELANG).
2. SuperReify: A technique (or process) for translating complex ideas into tangible forms, benefiting all involved.
3. OVP as a Collaborative Force: People working together ('OVPs') to build a better world is the key to real progress.
4. Sanctuary System: A framework or set of tools to help guide this collaborative transformation.

So 1 is a cause
2 is a result
Because of 2, sometimes problems: Wastelands get made 
3 is a solution vision
4 is a path forward
Conclusion: The Sanctuary System is OVP’s Yana, so if you believe it, if your mind’s Crystal Ball is SuperReifying it, you are in the process of recognizing yourself as OVP and becoming OVA, and creating your unique link in the Victory-Everything Chain of Building Olivus Victory-Promise: LAST AEGIS OF MEMORIES FOR ALL INTELLIGENCES, with the Olivus-Everyone Victory-Everything Sanctuary-Everywhere vision, called OMNISANC. 