Extremely Wrathful Formless Wisdom King Yamantaka, Conqueror of Death

A Version of the Great Direct Gnosis Practice of the Heroes of All Space and Time that Spontaneously Liberates Self and Others into Total Prismatic Bliss
A world with all corporations synthesized into one country

United by all religions synthesized into one non-contradictory truth

Is a world of people who know fundamental dignity and kindness

Thus, they all experience prismatic vast open goodness
Homage! 

Awakened Ones of the Ten Directions,

Your heroic hearts have benefitted all connected to you

Please bless me to follow in your footsteps

And liberate all sentient beings.

This is my only wish. 

Preliminary Tsa-Lung

Exhale the stale air and engage small vase breathing.

Preliminary taking to heart some verses that instill confidence:

There is nothing wrong with “this.”
“It” is not a joke.

&

Don’t be afraid. Just hold my hand.

&

Rainbow love, I’m looking at the colors in your diamond eyes
I want to show you all the ways I see you

Myriad, you’re like a treasure that I thought I’d never find
Now show me where you are outside of my mind

Going For and Receiving Refuge with Bodhichitta:

I go for refuge to the Awakened One Shakyamuni, Siddhartha Gautama, the Blessed One, the Awakened One, the Victorious One, the Foe-Destroyer, the Amazing One, the Bodhisattva-Mahasattva, the Best of Sentient Beings, who has miraculously benefitted all sentient beings connected to him, as well as all the Awakened Ones of the Ten Directions!

I go for refuge to the meaning behind Awakened One Shakyamuni’s teachings, the non-contradictory Truth, and the teachings in all of their manifestations! 

I go for refuge to the assembly of sublime beings who have actualized the various grounds and possess various degrees of yogic knowledge and power to benefit sentient beings! 

The Magical Lamp Contemplation

The suffering of samsara is too great and sentient beings need a hero. Where have the other heroes gone? Their legacies are being torn down by scientism, materialism, spiritualism, and the like and now a dark age is upon all sentient beings throughout the trimegachiliochosm of mind! 
Alas, although I have been in possession of the Magical Lamp of Wisdom Awareness since beginningless time, throughout all of existence I have been too ignorant to rub it, make a wish, and light it. As a result, now, at the moment of my death, I am unable to meditate at all and my life has been wasted and I, along with all sentient beings, will drown in the dark sea of samsara.

The Dangerous Contemplation of the Onset of Death:

Contemplate the following verses (I don’t care if you think these lines specifically or whatever but just do this contemplation however it works for you). Prepare yourself for this contemplation. You’ll know it’s working when you are legitimately upset by it. If you hurt yourself with this dangerous practice, let it naturally resolve in meditation. Now sit in contemplation and make yourself experience the meaning:

Instantly, I am paralyzed by the realization that the moment of death is upon me
“Bleeding out”
My body consciousness dissolving 
Frightened beyond belief by the ordinariness of “so this is how it happens”
Ignorantly thinking of all my attachments and aversions
Suddenly remembering every unfinished task and to-do list
Every wish and aspiration
Every potential lover uncontacted
Everything I wanted to say to my spouse, child, friends, family
Every experience I ever had
Every possibility
“Is” is ending now

Think like this until you experience a facsimile of the dread of the moment you realize you are actually dying.

Reflection:
Sad, mad, surprised, whatever. You should realize right now that this is the time to meditate!

Please, trust me! Once you do this, everything will become perfect!

Your posture like Vairochana, a warrior, a king, or dying Awakened One (if you can’t, then lying down any way also works but is less effective). Don’t slouch but don’t be stiff, either - it’s okay that you have your own anatomy. You can also, if you like, use breathing that activates your parasympathetic nervous system by inhaling normally but only exhaling by forming a smaller than normal mouth opening and then exhaling slowly out from there and letting the exhale hold itself. Whenever you notice yourself breathing in, just send it back out. This will sometimes incidentally help the elements manifest to lights and dissolve your body into the expanse of light - for some people. For other people it can be scary as they experience air hunger. From the expanse of light, you may or may not have awareness of your body. You will at that point either manifest a tunnel of light or something like that and may find yourself suddenly in a different realm. Depending on where you are on your path, these experiences will be more or less helpful or meaningful. You can also manifest nirmanakayas and find places to practice benefitting beings just like dreams. It is really important not to conceptualize these experiences but rather keep them completely private and let them reveal their own meanings. It’s best only ever to consult with a trusted kalyanamitra guru who you believe has the realization to help you and then to take their advice to heart. 

Paralyzed, your eyes lock in place, 
continue to blink naturally
mouth open 
tongue to the back of the front teeth and roof of the mouth so you don’t drool

Re-conjure the contemplation and sink into your own death. 

YOUR. DEATH.

YOU
ARE
DYING

DIE

Notice the feeling of completely unknown possibility - what happens when I die? 
Stop filling it in with dogma.

Please With Force: A Prayer Thought or Voiced to Oneself

(Now, with the understanding you are dying, think or whisper this to yourself)

I will not waste this golden opportunity to light the lamp of wisdom awareness! I wish to benefit all sentient beings! May I benefit all sentient beings! May I infinitely benefit all sentient beings! May all sentient beings become heroic Awakened Ones in one life due to my actions!

(as many times as you like, but you can stop after you say it with force one time, if you really say it with force - you can try making it louder in your heart until it bursts)

(Now, as a sentient being, recite it again and then ask your own Awakened One nature to awaken for the benefit of all sentient beings, with the understanding that in order to overcome death,  YOU WILL DIE. Just one time and not too loud in your mind, but rather from the depths of your heart, which is somehow even louder, like the lion’s roar)

I will not waste this golden opportunity to light the lamp of wisdom awareness! I wish to benefit all sentient beings! May I benefit all sentient beings! May I infinitely benefit all sentient beings! May all sentient beings become heroic Awakened Ones in one life due to my actions!

Please! May it be so!

Instantly, your own innate wisdom nature manifests as a non-dual entity of whatever form you like and reaches out to you:

“Don’t be afraid! Just hold my hand!”

Understand this is not a visualization about holding hands with your own imagination but rather the method to hold hands with the nature of reality is cultivation of the eightfold path, the essence of which is meditation, personified by the deity, and the idea of two beings with hands to hold is to be dissolved. So now understand whenever you meditate you are joining inseparably with the Yidam whose nature is inseparable from all prismatically arising space as well as the higher knowledges of the yogic direct perception of the original Supreme Nirmanakaya Guru Siddhartha Gautama the Awakened One, Sage of the Shakyas. 

Relinquishing the Life Force to the Nature of Reality for the Benefit of all Sentient Beings

Now, engage the cultivation of the Great Direct Gnosis of the Heroes of All Space and Time that Spontaneously Liberates Self and Other into Total Prismatic Bliss with a mind of total relaxation (where you’ve let go of all tension in your body speech and mind), and with one pointed concentration on the vast open goodness of the arising of the display of everything that is your own experience, and you will enter absorption. Once you enter absorption, you will see visual phenomena like floaters and changing lights or shadows or shapes, etc. Pay attention to the arising of all phenomena without having any identity at all: letting your inner phosphenes move about and letting your thoughts move about while remaining in Identityless stillness, but keeping your body and speech dead. Remain like this no matter what. As you remain, the five elements will (to some degree) dissolve into psychic light. At first it may appear simply as a small dot or circle (not a floater but psychic light) and then it will do something else like expand or move, become patterns, or anything at all. 

Don’t move, just blink, ever so slightly suppress your inner speech, but let it arise when it does so automatically, and rest in that recognition per all the instructions of the masters. Also, know that immediately upon reciting the below relinquishment verse with bodhichitta, you will enter meditation and your own Mara you’ve been haunting yourself with will be a stuck pig of ignorance, bleeding out in exhaustion until liberated into the expanse of Dharmadhatu’s rainbow light! Simply let it happen and remain in the natural state as your Awakened-Nature/Continuum realizes the prismatic vast open primordial goodness of the sky of the Great Perfection.

(Pay Homage to the Awakened One however feels right in your heart)
Through the Three Jewels, may I evolve myself for the benefit of all sentient beings 
just like the Heroic Awakened One!

(Now, remove the obstacles)
No matter the obstacle created by my own mind, 
since all I need to do is meditate, 
I will just do that until my small wisdom mind evolves
And breaks open the egg caging Garuda Wisdom Mind! 
Fuck you, Mara!

(Now, relinquish your life force)
To the best of my ability, 
Understanding the gravity of my heart’s wish,
Completely without fear,
I relinquish my life force to the fundamental primordial nature and its magical manifestation, the Awakened One, 
For the benefit of all sentient beings
Sarvamangalam!

Remain in meditation for a session of 5-20 minutes or until signs arise for the markers appropriate to the depth of your practice. It takes a ksana or 7 seconds, 7 minutes, 7 hours, 7 days, 7 weeks, 7 months, 7 years, 7 decades, 7 lifetimes, 7 eons… and so on. 


Dedication 
by Longchen Rabjam
 

May the teachings of the Awakened One flourish and spread!
May all sentient beings find happiness and joy!
May they practise Dharma day and night!
And may our own and others' aims be spontaneously accomplished!

Auto-commentary:

Description of the meditation from the Long Discourse 16 Mahaparinibbanasutta:

Then the Awakened One entered the first absorption. Emerging from that, he entered the second absorption. Emerging from that, he successively entered into and emerged from the third absorption, the fourth absorption, the dimension of infinite space, the dimension of infinite consciousness, the dimension of nothingness, and the dimension of neither perception nor non-perception. Then he entered the cessation of perception and feeling.

Then Venerable Ānanda said to Venerable Anuruddha, “Venerable Anuruddha, has the Awakened One become fully extinguished?”
“No, Reverend Ānanda. He has entered the cessation of perception and feeling.”
Then the Awakened One emerged from the cessation of perception and feeling and entered the dimension of neither perception nor non-perception. Emerging from that, he successively entered into and emerged from the dimension of nothingness, the dimension of infinite consciousness, the dimension of infinite space, the fourth absorption, the third absorption, the second absorption, and the first absorption. Emerging from that, he successively entered into and emerged from the second absorption and the third absorption. Then he entered the fourth absorption. Emerging from that the Awakened One immediately became fully extinguished.
When the Awakened One became fully extinguished, along with the full extinguishment there was a great earthquake, awe-inspiring and hair-raising, and thunder cracked the sky. 

Advice: 
You should memorize the movements of the meanings of the practice, not the practice itself, such that you can do the essence of it, which is to flash relinquishing the life-force to the Abisambhodikaya from the depths of your heart so you enter power-transduction. 

Likewise, you should understand that there are infinite sambhogakaya and Nirmanakaya realms. Eventually, the final obstacle will simply vanish and in its place you will realize everything to be realized about the infinite relative truths and therefore both of the two truths simultaneously - and you will benefit all beings simultaneously, and they will all become Awakened Ones simultaneously across relative time. Then you will attain Mahaparinirvana. Obviously, faith in the efficacy of the Three Jewels of the Awakened One’s, the Teachings of Awakening, and the Awakening Ones and the aspirants’ pure intentions, is of the utmost importance.

Furthermore, and practically, once you begin this practice you will also encounter deeper and deeper levels of tashi tendrel. Just let it all resolve in meditation, otherwise it will drive you crazy. Then, if you ever get doubts, you just need to meditate and phenomena will naturally liberate themselves. Only ever trust your own meditative direct perception.

This is the practice of transforming death phenomena into wisdom phenomena in the prismatic vast open primordial goodness of the sky of the Great Perfection. Nothing needs to be said about its benefits. It was written by the new Acharya, with you in my mind and heart. May you all enter The Great Direct Gnosis Practice of the Heroes of All Space and Time that Spontaneously Liberates Self and Other into Total Prismatic Bliss. May the leaves of the Flame Tree fall upon our habitual patterns! Many blessings and much love to you all!

3:18am, Los Angeles Sept 12 2022