Pls put in AIDA framework:

AWARENESS - YOU HAVE A PROBLEM
	A - this is the problem
	I - this is why you need to solve it
	D - this is why you want to solve it
	A - this is what you’re gonna do - keep reading
INTEREST - WE KNOW WHAT THE PROBLEM IS
	A - this is why you have the problem
	I - this is why you dont know how to solve it
	D - this is why you want us to help you solve it
	A - this is what you’re gonna do - find out about our solution
DESIRE - WE KNOW WHAT THE SOLUTION IS
	A - this is why it’s a solution
	I - this is why you will have success with it
	D - this is what it’s going to get you
	A - this is what you’re gonna do - TRY IT
ACTION - YOU WANT TO SEE THE OFFER
	A - this is what the offer is gonna be about
	I - this is why you’re gonna click on it
	D - this is what you’re gonna get when you click it
	A - this is the link you’re gonna click right now

HEADLINES to test:
“Starting a business! Or just getting started?”
“Attention New Business Owners”
“If I offered you $2 for the price of only $1, would you buy it?”
“Stop doing work at your online business”

“Attention business owners and entrepreneurs”

COPY:
If you're a business owner, even if you're just starting out, you've probably been sold on this line before, "If I offered you $2 for the price of only $1, would you buy it?..."
That’s the essence of an “offer you can’t refuse” isn’t it? Not just a simple trick, but the art of building a unique value proposition that is so TRULY compelling and thoughtfully tailored to your every need, soothe every pain, that the price seems insanely low… like you are literally getting something for nothing! Well that, we all know, is the magic of marketing, the art of persuasion, and the essence of the “bizzi offer” which goes something like this: “If I offered you unlimited access to all the online tools and services you’ll ever need to host, manage, and automate as many businesses as you want, of any kind, any size and for as many customers as you can serve, forever? That would be like a metaphorical “$2” offer, right? $2 here means, something you need. 

BUT ALSO, it’s being sold to you for much less than you are currently paying or will pay for every single tool and service you need to effectively run your business with a bunch of other apps and services, WITHOUT RISK because there is a guaranteed refund during our 14-DAY FREE TRIAL. 

You are being invited to join an adventure, a journey of transformation, optimization, and maximization where every step is designed by us at bizzi with your success in mind. My business partner and I are entrepreneurs ourselves and as daily users of bizzi, we're not just your guides on this journey, we are also your fellow travelers. We are offering you bizzi because we know first hand how getting bizzi can transform a business, and we're committed to helping you experience this transformation too. bizzi is your all-in-one business growth solution, designed to help new business owners like you navigate the challenges of starting and growing a business.

"Welcome to bizzi, Your All-in-One Business Growth Solution!"

bizzi isn't just a tool, it's a comprehensive suite of services designed to supercharge your business. With bizzi, you get:

Website Builder: Create beautiful, high-converting websites and funnels with our drag-and-drop builder. It's like having a web designer on your team.
Forms: Capture leads and orders with customizable forms. It's like having a salesperson working around the clock.
Email Marketing: Stay top of mind with personalized emails. It's like having a personal assistant who never forgets to follow up.
Professional Phone System: Provide top-notch customer service with our professional phone system. It's like having a customer service department at your fingertips.
SMS Marketing: Engage your customers with automated, personalized SMS. It's like having a marketing team working for you.
Automated Calendar: Schedule appointments effortlessly with our automated calendar. It's like having a personal organizer who never drops the ball.
Sales & Task Pipelines: Keep track of your leads and tasks with our intuitive pipelines. It's like having a project manager who keeps everything on track.
Automations: Automate your marketing and sales processes. It's like having a team of robots doing the heavy lifting.
CRM: Manage your customer relationships effectively with our CRM. It's like having a relationship counselor who helps you maintain strong connections.
Unified Chat: Communicate with your customers wherever they are with our unified chat. It's like having a communication expert who speaks every language.

And that's just the tip of the iceberg. We've got more features and services that will blow your mind. We use bizzi ourselves, every single day to run all of bizzi’s business, it keeps our operations running smoothly and most importantly it helps us get the word out about bizzi to you and other people like us who we know would benefit the most. We've seen firsthand how it can transform a business, streamline processes, and boost productivity. And we believe you can do exactly the same for business and yourself with the right help!

But we understand if you're skeptical. After all, there are so many tools out there promising the world and delivering nothing. Let me share a little story with you. When my business partner and I were first starting out, we were so overwhelmed with the number of processes we had to manage. Juggling multiple projects, struggling to keep track of leads, and spending hours on tasks that could have been automated, it was almost too late before we finally realized we needed a much better way to grow not only our business but also ourselves… a way that was as flexible and automated as possible, a complete package. And that's how the bizzi offer was born, remember: Unlimited access to everything you’ll ever need, for everyone, forever, for less than you are paying now. Sound good?” We created this package to solve our own problems, and are offering it to you because we know how much it will really help you to solve yours. We know the challenges you're facing because we've faced them too. And we've designed bizzi to help you overcome them over and over again.

"Ready to Transform Your Business? Try bizzi Today!"

Take the first step towards more efficient business management. Sign up for an absolutely risk free 14-day trial of bizzi today and start getting things done. We here at the bizzi beehive will be here to help you every step of the way, for as long as you need. But don't wait too long, because our special limited time LIFETIME discount will NOT actually last forever! That’s because right now while we are trying to get bizzi into the hands of as many people as possible, we are literally giving it away for way less than you can imagine! But only for a few more days! So don’t stop, go, you are only one click away from experiencing the transformation that getting bizzi can bring to your business. 

CTA button: "Learn More”