NOTES ON ANIMATOR’S SAMPLE STANDING GR FROM 10-30-21-OT IN NECESSARY ORDER DISCUSSION
1. HAT
Vajra top added
Vulture feather added to vajra
Banners-2 up flowing-Lt & Rt from shoulders removed

Blue top part of hat as seen in above photo
2.  Add KHATVANGA under arm/in left arm


Trident
Heads
Double Vajra
Tail















3. CLOAK
Make BROWN cloak IN ORIGINAL IMAGE INTO Maroon brocade as seen in the second figure below 
Insert same Patterns as seen in inner blue robe photo above 

4. Robes
Outer 
Replace Orange/red color to above photo  
Inner robes
same patterns as darker blue inner robe as seen in reference photo above the original image photo.
Remove irregular shape gold trim resting on the top of the inner (light blue) robe surrounding the bejeweled gold necklace. (Make light blue robe (dark blue) (samples from robe photos above OF THE PHOTO ABOVE ORIGINAL.)
Innermost robes should be white including around the neck (currently light blue).
White around his neck
White sleeves
Shadows (removed from light blue area around neck)
Sash
changed to Dark blue (sample) as seen of photo that is above original image
Remove green line/trim/material
4. Feet
add shoes - Persian style as in these photos
Change green area of these shoes to blue



5.  Face & skin tone changes
MOUSTACHE & GOATEE like this
Remove sideburns
Delineate long hair flowing down back (like photo below)
Eyebrows (like photo below)
Eyes like this photo
Change skin tone of ears, face, neck, and hands closer to photo 

7. Earrings
Slight Enlargement (similar to photo above)
Change jewel to dark turquoise
8. Necklace
Center jewel (dark hued) turquoise 
Deep red hue rubies on either side 
Same gold (color) as vajra 

9. Hand and fingers
Finger anatomy and positions normalized (like photo above)
Weird shadows on original image hand removed
10. LEFT HAND HOLDING SKULL BOWL
Thumb normalization-see example with photo right.
    b. Skullcup -Replace with photo to the right of Long life vase with blue substance inside and gold long life vase with peacock feather.



Example Long Life Vase without Skullcup
 