Gym launch is a company that makes Alex Hormozi Gym Consulting Category King

Let’s say Alex started his first gym and it was named X

Then he got good by maximizing the offer, lead gen, copy, sales, and operations. 

Then he started launching other people’s gyms doing sales
That didn’t work

Then someone bought a course for it from him
And it clicked
He did the same strategy he had used in terms of selling the fitness dream with the gym, which people believed because the offer was good and he was ripped and they were in pain, but now packaged as a course about doing that, which people believed because he was successful and they were in economic pain either owning a gym or not having a business.  

Then he started prestige labs, which was about introducing an additional revenue stream via a vertical into the nutrition space and sold it to his gyms and gym lords etc because they trusted him 

Then he started ALAN which was about doing these business services as a SaaS where people paid one time for life and got unlimited use and updates 

Then he started Acquisition.com which was about this whole process, the process of value acquisition, and is designed to make him Acquisition Category King by making Category Kings through being Consulting Category King (for free). Eventually, entrepreneurs he acquired will be so successful, they’ll invest in Acquisition.com. The idea is to become Category King of massive categories so that the category can be completely unlocked as a number of flows for people to participate in and eventually become Category Kings of categories without kings such that value is always exploding out of this system — it is an innovation factory of innovation factories innovating companies that innovate entrepreneurs. 

“The key for our business then is: how do we keep forcing ourselves to grow, and by extension, continue to innovate and learn and pass those learnings on to our clients?” 

Hormozi, Alex. Gym Launch Secrets: The Step-By-Step Guide To Building A Massively Profitable Gym (p. 176). Gym Lords Media. Kindle Edition. 

Keep forcing ourselves to grow =
Expansion
Acquisition
Valuable offers
Customers
Valuable businesses
Business customers
Biz operation customers
Biz founder customers
VC customers
Public shareholder customers
Public shareholder customers that make public companies and let you invest in them while they are the operators, and you pipeline them via your acquisition business

“● How much more can you serve?  ● How many more problems can you solve that you haven’t  even asked yourself to solve yet?  ● How can you blow people away and demonstrate your  personal growth through business growth?” 

Hormozi, Alex. Gym Launch Secrets: The Step-By-Step Guide To Building A Massively Profitable Gym (p. 176). Gym Lords Media. Kindle Edition. 
