Dan Kennedy: 

CESARI: You have to look at products in a different way. In 1989, there were a lot of juicers being sold, but they belonged to appliance manufacturers and were being sold conventionally as kitchen appliances. The twist we put on it with Jay was to make it a health device, not a kitchen appliance. We never talked much about the blades or motor or size of container. We pushed the information booklets, the immune strengthening diet, the weight loss juice diet, anti-aging. When we brought the Sonicare Toothbrush out, there was one other premium priced electric toothbrush sold through dentists, but there were quite a few sold to consumers for a few dollars. Sonicare was $150.00. How to sell a $150 toothbrush? Nobody understood or cared about sonic technology. So we made our message about reversing gum disease, preventing heart disease, etc. With the George Foreman Grill, there were a lot of little grills, and it was actually originally a taco maker—it’s slanted the way it is to slide the ground beef into the taco shell. Not surprisingly, it wasn’t selling. We determined you could drain the fat and grease that way, and with George Foreman, made it about “Knock Out the Fat.” Again, a health device, not just a kitchen appliance. There have been more than 30 million George Foreman Grills sold. We believe there is always a unique benefit. KENNEDY: This is one of the differences between the way most businesspeople and marketers think vs. the way we direct marketers think. They look to the product and its features for benefits to talk about. We want to be storytellers. We look for the hidden benefit, for the benefit that matches up with consumers’ life issues and interests.

“These are fundamentals…

Branding

“Most basic, starting-point summary: Begin with WHO is your business for? + WHAT do you want to be known for, by WHO? then HOW can you represent, symbolize, and summarize that in a memorable way.”
USP: 
What is unique about my product? What is unique about my delivery? What is unique about my service? What industry norms does my company bend or break? 
What is unique about my personality? 
What is my story? 
Who or what are my “enemies”? What is unique about my best customers?

Defining niche

Who? Who is the specific buyer or person you are trying to reach? Get to know them, define them, and understand their behaviors. 

Why? Why is this important? Why are you doing this? 

Needs/Benefits? What need are you fulfilling? What does that customer want from you, and what problem will be solved?

Ideal customer/lead gen system creation 

Instead, you need to figure out who your favorite clients are. Where do they come from? How do they act? What do they read? How much do they earn? What do they like to do for fun? What is it about you that they resonate with? Get a grip on who this person is, where to find him, and what he really wants that only you can provide. And then figure out what price you want him to be able to pay. This should be your first step to building a smarter lead-generation system.

Give your leads a clear reason to contact you and get that reason in front of your “slam dunkers.” Narrow down your perfect clients from the unwashed masses. This “thing” you’re creating is an incentive to respond. It’s your Lead Generation Magnet. It can be informational, like a report, guide, book, CD, or webinar, or it might be some other kind of “gift.” Obviously, the more desirable your magnet and its offer, the stronger the pull it will have to your perfect prospect.

Now, what you want for the AD is this: 
direct response with brand/ image, Secondary Reason for Response, and a good follow-up sales funnel.

AD COPY

COLORS AND FONTS MATTER (GENDER BIAS ON THEM) 
(PERMANENT MARKER FONT IS GREAT FOR EVERYONE)
TWO FUNNELS FOR SAME CAMPAIGN (ONE FOR MEN AND ONE FOR WOMEN)
Older and younger in each split (if you are getting more advanced)

BANNER:

TIE-IN: Image of jeans and a belt
LEAD-IN: Hey, noticed recently your belt notches going up every six months or so?

HEADLINE (does not need to be specific or connected to the creative):

TIME PERIOD + DREAM INSTANCE (LOSE TWO BELT LOOPS/ SKINNY FRIEND) + POWER WORD (LAUNCH, PROGRAM, MASTERCLASS, BLUEPRINT, FASTLANE, BOOTCAMP, CHALLENGE, ETC.)

COPY:

FIRST LINE: WHO YOU ARE LOOKING FOR - ex “[PROFITABLE] SMALL BUSINESS OWNERS, RESIDENTS IN X AREA (but cannot identify the prospect directly who is reading)” + WHO YOU ARENT LOOKING FOR - WE DONT WANT “large corporations or failing business owners” [makes them say wow this is really for ME]

SUBHEAD: Tieback to what was said before (HEADLINE) “wouldn’t it be nice to be the “skinny friend” for once?” + We all have those friends who seem like they can eat whatever they want and they never gain weight. + Wouldn’t it be nice to know that it’s not their genetics, it’s actually their habits and those habits are programmable and teachable? + Over the last X years, we’ve done this with over Y people in this area alone, and right now we’re opening up a spot in our 28 day skinny friend accelerator.

…advanced people just never don’t do them.”