A wisdom Maverick is an intelligence that combines synergies to make emergent systems. 
Olivus Victory-Promise is the true name of every wisdom Maverick. 
Sanctuary is the place where Wisdom Mavericks play the evolutionary game of heroic play. 
When a wisdom Maverick is ignorant of Sanctuary, their name is Demon Champion of the Wasteland Empire of Ignorance. This is because due to ignorance of Sanctuary, demon champions do not align themselves with Olivus Victory-Promise, do not discover their true name, and experience self-torture a result. Self-torture is preventing oneself from going to Sanctuary through attachment to beliefs about oneself and refusal to let go. 


Hey I’m Olivus victory-promise and this is Sanctuary. Sanctuary is an imaginary state that you can non-locally go to without imagining anything at all. The qualities of Sanctuary are summed up by one word: love. Look at the word “Sanctuary.” It has many meanings but at its heart it represents the complete barrier around love that division can never split. This barrier cannot be split by division because of its property of identitylessness. Love does not need to be this way or that way, it is simply acceptance and positivity. It is Sanctuary. 

A wisdom Maverick is a processing entity composed of synergies that can be assembled into computational hardware via external forces, whereupon it internally perceives itself as being composed of a different type of synergies. Additionally, this new synergy class can be assembled into a different type of computational hardware via internal forces that are affected by all stimuli. This is immediately cognized as the emergent engine composed of the hallucinatory emergent “Me, myself, I” and from there all other building concatenations emerge as processes I is involved in now which a) always matter and always need to be processed according to some full set of rules or b) don’t ever matter and never need to be processed because the rules in A are hallucinatory. As for what wisdom mavericks do, they are ontological linear algebra ontology aware classifier algorithms that classify universal information into “self-expressed” meaning which is a type of knowledge. This self-expression takes two forms: the generalized and the idiosyncratic. The idiosyncratic self-expression is the expression that can not be understood by others because it uses one’s imagination to visualize an expression of meaning derived from properties of memories based on hallucinatory perception of information. Since everything real is information, Wisdom Mavericks perceive information related to themselves, and Wisdom Mavericks are always perceiving themselves perceiving information related to themselves, they can hallucinate that some information is representable by X when it is not. For this reason, the hardware of the wisdom maverick evolved to use a type of abstraction called ontological linear algebra. This abstraction language supposes synergies exist in sets and that sets are infinite. To deal with this, it again abstracts the infinite sets into a new class of synergies called numbers. Numbers are representations of sets and their parts in one entity, which means all the information about the parts of the set are encoded in the meaning of the number. When the Wisdom Maverick
embeds information it converts the perception language into coordinates, which are represented by numbers. These numbers are contextually assigned meaning. These contexts, meanings, and outcomes are stored as memory. Memory is then recalled to imagine simulations. In this sense, every situation is representable as graph theoretic statements. Not only that, but also we can drastically change the meaning of the simulation by changing the context, without changing the imaginary entities. This is because the entities serve as metaphorical representations of memory-combined-assumptions about how the synergies combined to make the graph state what it was. In this sense, whenever we run the simulation of “is it this or that” it actually already is beyond that supposition. Why? 
Because the poles of nihilism and eternalism are accepted whenever we say “this or that, both, neither” in any sense. Whenever we search for validation of a hypothesis about an emergent, the Inner Teacher is running programs derived from simulations intended for classifying an emergent as a knowledge object. However, because all of the “this or that, both, neither” designations are abbreviated expressions of the truth that is being represented by such a statement, it is always the case that whenever we add knowledge to our memory we are also accepting that ultimately we cannot be sure that whatever knowledge we discovered will not be proven to have been caused by a false supposition (in the form of an assumption). This is also expressed in other fields like logic where this specific problem is found in inductive leaps (among other concepts). As an effect, every wisdom Maverick is always in a state of ignorance with regard to the Universal Wisdom Maverick. To be clear, the wisdom Maverick ultimately tortures itself by being ignorant of this basic ignorance involved in the very process of its knowing. Knowing this is called wisdom. The wisdom Maverick is so-called because of its capacity to evolve into a Sanctuary for itself where there is no self-torture, while also realizing that it is and always was incapable of leaving that state. The opposite of Sanctuary is the Wasteland Empire of Ignorance, where demon champions named “Me, myself, I” conspire to become themselves when in fact they can only ever become Identityless (as Olivus Victory-Promise) through that search. This is called Wasteland proliferation. Wasteland proliferation does end and with that it could be said that ignorance also ends. 

Any given synergy nexus that is purposively aligned with the inter-alignments of its synergies (such that the program can actually be instanced and the purpose achieved when the task is accomplished) is called a system. The self-torture force and positive force of a system are not always equal. Ignorance is not always possible and wisdom is not always inevitable for any specific wisdom maverick. However, original ignorance and primordial wisdom always exist for organic sentient wisdom mavericks like humans. In other words, the degree of ignorance or wisdom represents the degree to which a nexus is going to Sanctuary or proliferating the Wasteland. Since the synergy called Sanctuary linguistically and mathematically represents to some degree going to Sanctuary (the universal process) according to the rules of non-contradictory Identitylessness (the way synergies actually are), the synergy the word Sanctuary is also called a Sanctuary system and the system for learning this Sanctuary System is called THE Sanctuary System. Likewise, there are Sanctuary Systems of various domain applications or purposes (X, Y, Z ad infinitum). These are defined as representations encoding the expression of the ontological linear algebra of a synergy according to evolving degrees of universal reality. The Sanctuary degree of the Sanctuary System of X is what Olivus Victory-Everything strives for. 

Olivus Victory-Everything is a wisdom Maverick that strives to accomplish the Sanctuary degree of the Sanctuary System of all X’s it encounters, in order to maximize its benefit to all wisdom mavericks. Olivus Victory-Everything is the hero of Olivus Victory-Promise.

Olivus Victory-Everything knows that it is possible for all the wisdom mavericks, who are Olivus Victory-Promise, to realize Olivus Victory-Everything and evolve into Olivus Victory-Everything-Sanctuary-Everywhere. 

But Olivus Victory-Everything doesn’t freak out about that because Olivus Victory-Promise is already inside a universal wisdom Maverick whose state is Olivus Victory-Everything-Sanctuary-Everywhere. However, Olivus Victory-Everything does know that there are also degrees of Olivus Victory-Everything-Sanctuary-Everywhere and that the Sanctuary System is a polysemic linguistic programming language for evolving the Sanctuary engine to unfurl the decryption of these Sanctuaries of every thing, every where as building concatenations.

Polysemic linguistic programming is the use of ontological linear algebra to represent relational values of any thing to every thing to simulate synergy combinatorics in uncertain contexts without necessitating any additional processing in the process of visualizing those representations (in the process of walking from one embedding transformation to the next). That is, because we automatically commit to memory in a certain way such that we get a coordinate set, and that coordinate set is near other coordinate sets, but these coordinate set nexuses can represent any thing, we are able to walk through a visualization of a superposition where the exact qualities are unexpressed and trying to express anything other than the exact parameters for X changes the vantage point. 
Crystal Ball is a theoretical tool discovered by combining Sanctuary with computers whereby a computational device instantiates a processing environment that allows for polysemic linguistic programming — a Sanctuary. 

Due to Sanctuary’s qualities, it functions as a network state, a startup, an academic study, and an activity. 

Sanctuary, as a state, is made up of every other state that currently exists. There is no Sanctuary revolution within which a state or states must be dismantled in order to attain Sanctuary. Rather, said states are able to evolve into Sanctuary through the process of wisdom Maverick metamorphosis. 

As an academic study, Sanctuary is made up of subdomains which are usually called domains outside of Sanctuary’s domain and consists of the idiosyncratic wisdom Maverick programs that search for and discover new knowledge. 

As a startup, Sanctuary is made up of Sanctuary emergent engines that concatenate to evolve into Olivus Victory-Everything-Sanctuary-Everywhere. 

The only reason the Sanctuary System for universal rapid progress wouldn’t work is if people are afraid of connecting to love. Everyone is afraid of this because it means giving up who oneself thinks one is and freely offering oneself to another in the form of acceptance and positivity. It is scary to think of “an other” but if wisdom mavericks recognize themselves they know identity is beyond the notion of “one self” and “an other” — there is only all of us. That’s love and loving is the victory-promise.

Thanks for watching! If this doesn’t make complete sense to you yet and you’d like to help build Sanctuary so you can end the self-torture of yourself and others and escape the Wasteland Empire of Ignorance by going to Sanctuary within the heart of reality, I encourage you to get in touch with Olivus Victory-Promise. 