Introduction to Play:
Reconnecting with how to be yourself
or
Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection’s Wisdom Display 
as
The Infinite Armed Swift Liberatress, Queen-consort,
Olive R. Love, 
The Fearless Teacher of the Mirror-Mask, 
Faceless Whirling Flames, King-consort,
Oliver Powers, 
and 
The Wisdom Maverick,
Their Union 

On original ignorance’s obstruction of wisdom through trying to be someone else (and simultaneous continuation) and wisdom’s destruction of ignorance through being itself (and simultaneous awakening)

Obstruction and wisdom both exponentiate themselves. How?

By fearing phenomena we externalize them as selves we do not want to be and reject them, simultaneously accepting the hope for the self we do want. In this way, we create confusion. Then, that confusion seals off the gross experience of its related fear and causes the subtle experience of its related fear. This manifests as a property of all subsequently arising fears, and becomes increasingly subtle the further away one gets. And yet the fear gets increasingly close and pervasive. It is due to this that we experience great hope and fear when confronted with our own wisdom. 

By hoping for phenomena we internalize them as selves we do want to be and accept them, simultaneously rejecting the fear of the self we don’t want. In this way, we create confusion. Then, that confusion seals off the gross experience of its related hope and causes the subtle experience of its related hope. This manifests as a property of the subsequent hopes, and becomes increasingly subtle. And yet the hope gets increasingly close and pervasive. It is due to this that we experience great hope when confronted by our own wisdom. 

By being ignorant of our own wisdom, we experience hopes and fears as gods and demons, and subsequently emanate ourselves as a manifestation of either one, depending on our circumstances which are internalized and externalized and so outside of our control.

So you can see by this threefold obstructive process of the confusing display of poison how you yourself potentiate (through original ignorance) and then exponentiate the complexity of your own obstructive patterns (through continued imputations).

By recognizing wisdom mind, whatever is emanated is already our Identityless self and, subsequently emanating ourselves as wisdom manifestation, there is no internalization or externalization. Then, ignorance is sealed and cannot arise, as a result hope and fear and indifference cannot arise. As a result, no sentient beings can arise and no benefit or harm can subsequently arise for them. As a result, you now see that identityless emanation depends upon Identityless circumstances of infinite perfection that are already spontaneously present and therefore within Identitylessness’ “control.”

This identitylessness is then mirrored infinitely throughout Identityless experience. Since all beings have selves and those selves are identityless at heart, all beings are confused or awakening or awakened emanations of identitylessness. Since all beings are Identitylessness’ emanations experiencing various degrees of obstruction via identifying as themselves inside of a neutral universe while actually being Identityless, they experience identitylessness when they perceive the arising of appearances as symbols of identitylessness, which causes their infinite collapse as appearances of imperfection and revelation as appearances of perfection. So you can see by this webbed infinitude of infinite perfection of the wisdom display how Heroic Identitylessness itself potentiates (through the path) and then exponentiates the complexity of its own emanations (through awakening), without ever donning an identity in “actual reality.” Thus all beings are emanations displaying the path in one reflection or another, peaceful or violent, calm or wild. However, adopting the identity of a peaceful and calm person or violent and wild person is just a demonic activity. Other than Oliver Powers uniting with Olive R Love or vice versa, it is a mistake to adopt an identity and doing so will make you either a field for good or a field for bad. If you remain Identityless, nothing but good can come from it. This could be called non-activity, but if you remain inactive in non-activity, then you would not be very loving. 

So it is entirely counterproductive to try to be anybody except your natural, fearless Identityless self for the benefit of all! This always has a glorious display. 

However, don’t ever “say” you are identitylessness, because you are definitely you in the eyes of others. Not only can identitylessness never have an identity, but unless they see you as a friend or an enemy, why would they even care what you say?! Recognize this playfulness of the display and make rapid progress. Other than this process, there is no such thing as Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection’s Wisdom Display as the Infinite Armed Swift Liberatress, Olive R. Love, or the Wisdom Display as the Fearless Teacher of the Mirror Mask, Faceless Whirling Flames, Oliver Powers, or the Wisdom Display of the Wisdom Maverick, their union. 

The Wisdom Maverick Is coming
The Wisdom Maverick Is here

TWI TWI