Dear fellow motion picture industry personnel,

As you likely know from experience, lightning storms are not only a major inconvenience for productions, but sometimes a downright disaster entailing:

Risk of serious injury or death to people nearby lightning strikes
Risk of L&D to sensitive equipment involved in filming
Average 30 minute-long 30/30 call costs $12,000 in lost labor costs alone
Have to shut down during 30/30 call even while working indoors
Considering rolling 30/30 calls, resultant scheduling conflicts with actors or locations, L&D, and/or additional shoot days, continuous lightning presence may cause hundreds of thousands of dollars in various types of damage over the course of a production
AND intensifying weather each year has led to more and more 30/30 calls

That’s why a great number of us have been working behind the scenes on a solution, and we are so happy to announce that the UPCOMING CSATF INCLEMENT WEATHER UPDATE WILL PROVIDE PRODUCTIONS WITH A PLAN TO CONTINUE WORKING INSIDE DURING LIGHTNING STORMS! 

BUT these upcoming CSATF Inclement Weather bulletin changes will only allow productions to continue working inside during lightning storms *if* they have NFPA-780 compliant lightning protection installed on their generators (i.e. designed, installed, and certified by a licensed lightning protection professional).

That means productions need to have a rolodex of lightning protection related vendors for site inspection, system design, installation, certification, and maintenance. Not only that, but installing classical lightning protection systems on these rented generators will L&D them.

Luckily, we’re experts in solving these types of problems and that’s why I’m writing to you. 

My name is Isaac Wostrel-Rubin and I’d like to introduce you to the full service lightning protection company I co-founded, Ribcage Solutions, providing lightning protection packages to studios and productions. If you’ve experienced lightning related problems and would like them solved, please call us at 470.600.CAGE (2243) to discuss what we can do for your production(s). 

WHAT YOU GET

Minimized lightning related delays
No more 30/30 calls when working inside
Increased productivity

Maximized lightning related set safety
Decreased risk of injury and death
Decreased risk of equipment L&D
Increased crew preparedness
CSATF (NFPA-780, LPI-175, OSHA/NOAA) compliant

Maximized efficiency
One vendor, all sites, no hassle

HOW YOU GET IT

We assign an LPI Master Installer team for each production to design, install, certify, and maintain, (and eventually uninstall and return) a lightning protection system for each generator intended to remain operational during inclement weather. 

Please visit our website ribcagesolutions.com or call us at 470.600.CAGE (2243) to discuss how we can help.

Thanks so much for your time and consideration. 

All the best,

Isaac Wostrel-Rubin
Co-founder, Ribcage Solutions
isaac@ribcagesolutions.com

ABOUT RIBCAGE SOLUTIONS

Ribcage Solutions is a new type of company devoted to the mission of maximum benefit and impact through innovation. So we aren’t a company that designs lightning protection systems for site-specific applications because there’s money in it. Instead, we’re a company that protects the interest of the good, applying our in-house think tank methodology to problems people want solved. That’s why we designed a specialized mobile unit for modular deployment in emergencies, disasters, and combat zones. Because of its electroprotective benefits, we dubbed this technology the “ArcAngel kit.” 

Our patent-pending emergency-ready ArcAngel kit is specifically designed for use in complex and developing scenarios that prevent the use of long-term solutions and necessitate quick and proper deployment for immediate temporary-to-permanent reduction in lightning attachment probability. Designed by a certified Master Installer to exceed Lightning Protection Institute standards (LPI-175 and NFPA-780), the ARCANGEL KIT lightning protection system is engineered strictly with UL listed parts from LPI approved manufacturers, can be installed on any terrain with either ground rods or plates, and can be adjusted to reach military spec levels of protection (usually reserved for ordinance munitions). 