TWI.world

TWI is an altruistic, politically anarcho-crypto-wisdomist, and economically socio-capital-hybridist start-up state.

Landing page - 
		Actual Directory of Media Links
			Legacy members? 
				Foundational project members who endorse it publicly
					All of their content linked 

		Explainer Videos (1-5)
		Hero Orientation A link
		Application for those who want to post on NEXUS
Manifestation Tokens for those who want to invest

explainer videos - 

Category 1.	The Wisdom Intent
		Video 1	“What is TWI?”
TWI is the wisdom intent
It is the inner realization through which everything good has ever been or will be done in the world
TWI is the system for making it manifest in the world, starting with a community functioning as a company anyone can work at
Category 2.	The World Incorporated
		Video 2	“What is The World Incorporated?”
It is a plan to start a corporation for humanity, by humanity, with humanity
What else? Whatever else we need, we will discover and produce.
Category 3.	TWI Nexus
		Video 3	“What is TWI Nexus?”
TWI Nexus is the platform for communication between TWI employees
It is here that TWI employees share their aspirations, find problem niches, and create open projects 
Category 4.	Glacial Lake
		Video 4 	“What is Glacial Lake?”
Glacial Lake is the platform for learning how to work at TWI
Hero Orientation A is all that is required
We make HO A-E and people will make all the modules
People who finish Hero Orientation E are able to make content on Glacial Lake
Isaac = Ennead path to ending self torture 


Video 5	“Introduction to Cultivation Methods”


3) Course: Hero Orientation A:
	Self torture
Root of self torture
End of self torture 
Path
Discovering TWI within
Becoming a fearless hero
Compassion (wish for realization) 
Love (wish for happiness)
Empathy (understanding of ignorance)
Openness (remaining with an open mind) 
			Cultivation Methods
			
5) Hero Orientation B-E:
4) Category 5.	How to Make Something at TWI
Video 6	The Wisdom Ontology
			Aligning yourself with The Wisdom Ontology
			Posting to Nexus
Aspiration -> specific problem experienced or observed OR aspiration for converting ordinary activity into heroic activity (I am an architect and I make houses. May I find a way to be an architect and make houses that benefit all).

Project -> specific heroic solution for a specific problem experienced by many

Glacial Lake - Applied Heroism Course -> this is a type of heroic project you can make immediately after completing Hero Orientation E 



CORE AUDIENCE: 
Evangelists
Altruists
Growth Hackers
