
NOTES:
_today
MVP PROsona site (OMNICORP)

Hormozi… give away the secrets… sell the implementation
Content (free stuff), generates social proof
Synergizes with running ads
-> avatar data, UX, reverse Eng funnels (how did you find out about us, what specific content did you like that brought you here?) (secret funnels that test UX flows) 

Secret: AI persona prompts
Thinktank 
Implementation: 
Prompt Eng
CrystalBall
Tree of Prompts
Trees
Manuals
Paid prompts
Free prompts


putting up (all?) prompts up for free (but in a private interface)
Just “worksuite” prompts. NOT CB or Aegis

all the transform loops for working with the prompts to make stuff = we find, document => monetized AND more productive 

make all the social media, with the prompts
give prompts and sell courses for using AI to do your social media

Isaac copy stun and put it up for free!

Tree of Prompts user manual for each one… $97 pre-recorded course to learn set of input prompts for one system 

$647/worksuite 
community for worksuite (ie: 
$1997 for CrystalBall Tree of Prompts workflow for all worksuites => learn entire transformation in 4 weeks

$5000 for CrystalBall Tree of Prompts workflow all worksuites => learn entire transformation in 4 weeks + elite community and masterminds

tiers:
Free - use cross-pollinatrix - read books - learn - be a fan, use prompts
5k to learn CB! If you really need help
Another 5k to join the mastermind entrepreneur group. If you need serious help for serious people

10k program qualifies you to get a job with us! 

Celebrity/Influencer Persona: we do revshare deals. 15-25% dependent upon audience size!  

Additional continued support access from cohort => elite community = $1199/year extra (offered in the course)
But no access to masterminds 

WE RELEASE all the prompts for free!
they are too complicated to actually make stuff with, so people will need help and they can buy the help from us.
“ya, you can use “crystal ball”, which is all these different prompts, to make the things that you need, and to make more prompts for more specific things you need. Amazing right! Look we are doing it all the time. We made these videos of us doing it. We made all of these website, and social media, and information with the prompts. We made the prompts with the prompts!!!! So can you. Here are the prompts for free!!!! Oh you need help? Come join the community an hang out… Oh now you really need help?! We have so much help to offer!!!! You can buy this help, and this help, and all this help put together!!!”

RELEASE PROMPTS ON GITHUB?

Patreon? Support us and get our advice and write ups and private articles about Prompt Engineering (WEEKLY/MONTHLY private newsletter subscription) 

free stuff to get them interested. Cross-pollinatrix.
Not hormoziwin, cause that is what we are making for influencers.

Each professionally made PROsona could be linked to an NFT, can be limited or unlimited.
What is special is that these personas are verified by the person who they are about

Course buyers also… get access to CB structure for a few grand, with a whole bunch of terms and conditions. Release restrictions…?

if we make it for free, we can still reach out to people and make custom ones for them, with rev share when they sell them to audience.


Funnel -> prompts page? 
Or
Funnel -> free prompts page -> newsletter -> advanced prompts -> prompt Eng -> advanced prompt eng -> TWI projects -> work with us 

Funnel: to prompt land page
At the top – use for free! (collect emails, give access). nurture.
Or they read the whole page – and learn about what the prompts are, what people use them for, testimonials of how great they are, how our amazing community works, how to get involved, and then pitch and information on the actual courses… community access + workflows. Then free prompts for people who don’t opt into buying.


CRO suite: 
Avatar creator
Brand creator
Social media strategist
Social media content Majordomo executor 
Website/funnel strategist
Website/funnel content majordomo executor
SEO suite
Analytics Suite 
YouTuber suite
LinkedIn suite
Facebook Suite
Twitter Suite 
SplitTesting Suite
BuildMeasureLearn Suite 
MoneyModel suite
VC suite 
Pitch deck suite
Modeling suite 
C-suite 
CFO, CMO, COO, CTO thinktank 
Legal suite (you choose specialization - advanced, need Tree of Prompts manual) 
Accounting suite (advanced, need spreadsheets and Tree of Prompts) 
Tree of Prompts always paid, always $97/manual maybe
Maybe more maybe like $697 get the class and the manual and the use cases etc etc
Join the support community for that prompt
For that suite maybe 
It’s OMNIcorp 
So we have departments that are corporations themselves, and u sub individually to their communities maybe inside of a larger one 
OMNICORP, a Sanctuary Company 
“Business owner? Want to provide a symbol of your commitment to abundant exchange with your customers? Get the SANCTUARY BUSINESS CERT and be “a Sanctuary Business” today
What is a sanctuary business? A sanctuary business is a special kind of company that is committed to a new business philosophy — it’s not just a business, it’s a sanctuary. 


_yesterday
Prosona Prompts. Prosona prompting
reaching out to you.
PROsona.ai
Make landing page
Selling personalized ai to other people for their information businesses.
Ad: do you have a dedicated audience. Wish you had a way to connect with them through ai. Well prisons is the answer. We actually meet with you, and learn everything about you, so that your audience can talk to you about your influential aspects. And we fractal or and your audience pays to talk to each one
Sell as a bundle or sell individually. Sell for any price you want. 100 for lifetime access. Or 1000. Or 10000. As long as you personally verify the validity of the prisons ai
You will now have a way to meet with EVERY single person who wants to pay you money to meet with you you!
“Ali abdal’s 5 different AI’s about five different aspects of his business. Prompts that are for learning about all of Ali’s most important tips and tricks for each category of YouTube production for beginners, Best gear, best bra blah blah.”

we funnel influencers, sell them 5000 (or 15000), we tell them to sell each one at $87 each. $117
and we sell to business, for personas

It is flowise hosted on some place and that app linked into membership pages on bizzi, inside of membership sites for the greater.

we do have a course for using a different and simpler persona builder, for anybody to do themselves
but the paid thing is more customized by virtue of the fact that we work with their marketing team.

persona prompt does work for you!

notable creator in sunspot community
