On Appearances of External Reality

Since there is not a neutral existence of external reality in which we come to be humans
But rather an essentially Identityless wisdom that is currently displaying the human Me that I am
All of the wonderful “gods” of experience that I conjure (ie phenomena that appear to proliferate into more good) and all of the terrible “demons” that I conjure (phenomena that appears to proliferate into suffering) are simply the display of being “me” that “I” am 
Because the wisdom is Identityless and not found to have any physical part at all since what it is that makes it cannot be said to have any actual part in what it is that is displayed
And its continuous display never ceases 
We have infinite lifetimes of experience after death
But when the Lifeforce is fully relinquished into Identityless wisdom 
There will not be any subtle display-stuffs left to be doing the experiencing 

If there is a neutral existence of external reality in which we come to be humans and (let’s say) our experience is not actually the nature of wisdom display
Then we must acknowledge the precise way the chemical combinations of biological systems have evolved within that neutral universe
One such mechanism is called the inner eye of humans and similar animals 
Some think this is the pineal gland but actually
The function predates the pineal gland
And every cell of human life has within the seeds for the functions of neurotransmitters 
One such neuromodulative substance is called tryptamine and in its methylated version it causes profound feelings of self acceptance and empathic love related to neuroprotective properties of NMT. 
In its dimethylated form DMT is a powerful neuromodulator that causes profoundly detailed symbolic internal visions usually found in dreams to be externally projected 
DMT also causes cascades that synthesize the stronger versions of DMT, its methoxylated and hydroxylated versions. 
This endogenous release process of DMT, which degrades to NMT and proliferates to stronger endogenous neuromodulators, is catalyzed in certain circumstances, currently unknown, by a certain enzyme in the lungs that causes tryptamine methylation. Immediately upon release, this DMT reaction then flows directly to the heart and throughout the entire body. 
Not only that but methylated tryptamines can also be synthesized into monoamineoxidase inhibitors that prevent the breakdown of methylated tryptamines
So now if you take some DMT or have a lucid dream or a near death experience or enter deep meditation of inner visions, you may have all kinds of experiences. These experiences are always supremely symbolic and yet indistinguishable from waking life, if you really investigate. Therefore, isn’t it possible or even obvious that when we die, the reality we make is less like a dream and more like a dream that you think is real? In dreams you think are real, what is the aspect of reality that makes them real? It is twofold: 1) your belief in your self 2) your belief that the investigation of the externalized world is somehow evidence of the truth of your belief in your self, and not mere validity of the belief in your self qua your modes of perception. Those objects of your perception (which are none other than symbols of the true identitylessness nature of your self), which always yield infinitely more phenomena unless you recognize your nature, are deceiving precisely because of their timeless webbed infinitude of infinite perfection. 

Now if you look at that closely, you will notice since 1) there is a synaptic reaction in which this happens at death and 2) since the twofold aspects of how you believe in things are mistaken, it therefore follows that 3) because you have no power over the twofold ignorance, it is inevitable that you have infinite lifetimes after death, and they are indistinguishable from this one in terms of their possessing properties that confused beings consider indicative of reality. 

Upon having these lifetimes, who knows who or what we become or experience, since in dreams we can be anyone or anything. We can say these experiences must come from the mind, however, and that what the mind displays to itself in that type of situation can only be described as the current wisdom display - its symbolic expression of its own innate understanding of itself. So, it follows, you do not want to be confused about this experience, but rather awakened to it. 

Any way you slice it, everything is confirmed as Identityless by the law of non-contradiction.
Whenever a paradox arises, the solution is non-contradictory due to its revelation of superlogical mechanisms at work in the paradox. Understanding this, see: 

There is no world in which you are not you temporarily and then later a different you 
And no world in which the entirety of phenomena does not ultimately occur because of and have the identity of identitylessness 
This fact is called wisdom

Since you know this somewhere in your own experience and are also encountering it directly now, it is guaranteed that in the future, either in this life or after death, you will awaken in the Sanctuary of TWI. 

Realizing the identitylessness of yourself and phenomena through your own phenomena with your own naturally categorizing wisdom leads to the true fearless heroic heart

Directly glimpsing this is called the implicit realization of seeing
If this happens to you in this lifetime, you will recognize it when you die 
And are implicitly awakened

And naturally realizing the way in which the phenomena of confusion and wisdom are categorized by wisdom mind is called cultivation of the fearless heroic heart

Seeing this is called the implicit realization of the path of seeing
If this happens to you in this lifetime, you will recognize it when you die 
And are implicitly awakened

As you remain in cultivation, you are reuniting in the womb with the fearless heroic lineage of wisdom mavericks, the mirror mask’s whirling flames
Through cultivation you will defeat the suffering inside of yourself and awaken to wisdom mind

There is no seeing this other than the full direct experience 
If this happens to you in this lifetime, you will no longer conceive of the idea of death 
And are explicitly awakened as a fearless hero

Then everything you do will be the cultivation of the fearless heroic heart 
And as you play 
There will be nobody to receive any benefit
No benefit to give 
And nobody to give any benefit 
This is called Universal Hero of Identitylessness
Whirling Flames of the Mirror Mask, the Teacher 
The full complete Teaching is called Sanctuary 
And the land of Sanctuary is where The Wisdom Maverick dances
This entire reality is called the Divine Tree of Olivus

Further, all your dreams and visionary experiences will only arise as wisdom display in the form of the revelation of play between awakened identitylessness, instead of as play between many individual beings individually engrained in wild, unimaginable, individualized thought habits (related to individualist thinking of individuals who are expressions of the neutral universe), and celestial awakened beings that definitely only exist in the eyes of the confused, like magic. As you can see, the infinite perfection that was always present in the individualized thought habits remains after awakening, but the thought habits arise as wisdom play instead of as confusion (because the thought habits of individualization of myself from reality have ceased, and therefore so has the process of original ignorance). 

There is therefore an inexpressible functional difference between the two views of universe and wisdom mind. 

If you are able to experience the wisdom mind and subsequently say “and that’s the universal reality of being in this universe” and then also not confuse yourself when you dream (recognizing wisdom mind while still having the very confusing thought of “am I still in the universe in which I knew the universal reality I realized while I was myself inside of it?”) which you have ingrained the habit of (by conceptualizing wisdom mind’s experience [as “the universal reality of being in this universe”]), then you will still once again lead yourself astray in death which is more subtle than dreams. Then in order for you to find that so-called liberating truth once more, you will need to go through countless lifetimes in universes of your own making, until you again make a universal display in which you realize “actually this is not an external universe but an Identityless primordial consciousness’ own display of its own timeless webbed infinitude of infinite perfection” and then you will realize wisdom mind. You might as well take advantage of the fact that the reliable path to wisdom mind is obviously close right now due to your past good intentions. Who knows how long this will last or when you will reveal this to yourself again? 

There seems to be a paradox at the center of all reality. One cannot remain awakened to Identityless wisdom and also claim “ultimate, definitive knowledge” of this current reality (directly) as either being of an external and neutral primary existence, or of being Identityless wisdom. This current reality of this lifetime always exists in a state of limbo - regardless of if I have future lifetimes, if this is a neutral universe in which I have future lifetimes, did I have previous lifetimes or not? Furthermore, is this my first lifetime, and therefore real? If I can’t ever tell, then what is the harm in considering this to be a real lifetime? Then wondering about reality, how will you ever be aware of your own wisdom and not confused by your own wondering about your own wisdom (that you can no longer be aware of due to your own wondering about the identity of identitylessness [induced by wondering about reality’s identity {which is identitylessness <which is You or Me or Them or I>}])? Do you realize the implication here? The final nature of wisdom and confusion (ie existence) seems to be that one can either 1) know wisdom, which is towards the infinite deproliferation of psychophysical imputations of experiential substrata or 2) be ignorant and infinitely proliferate false concepts about wisdom. First and foremost and if nothing else, one must completely realize this fact and then as an additional part of that, two must realize that that wisdom is identitylessness. 

Does that mean it is useless to explore the infinite levels of perfection in objects for the benefit of beings? No it does not. Absolutely not. It just means it is useless to create universal identities of reality on the basis of imputed identities of identitylessness (ignorance) and consider them more real than wisdom (ie based on subjective experience). 

Does that mean there is no way to be absolutely correct about the nature of physical reality? No.

And yet it does mean there is no way to be absolutely correct about the nature of ontological superiority in the dichotomy of materialism and wisdom. 

What about epistemological superiority in the dichotomy of materialism and wisdom? Is there a way of accepting the fact that there is no way to be absolutely correct about the ontological nature through which you will awaken to the epistemological nature, and subsequently the ethical, logical, and phenomenological natures, that is the infinite benefits of awakening to/in the wisdom of the Identitylessness of the Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection? Yes. With a fearless heart of heroism, you should strive to do so with all your might. 

So all of the possible configurations of Now that result in the continuity of original ignorance 
Are called the worlds of sentient beings
And are symbolized by the land and its water channels 
Like a wild horse, the river carves channels wherever it flows 
That is the riverhorse principle
When we learn to tame riverhorse 
Its wildness gives way 
and when we learn to ride the riverhorse
Its waters naturally dissolve back to the source 
Making way throughout the land’s channels for the deluge 
Of life-giving waters 
Known as the Water dragon 
In other symbolic terms this is called
Emergence of the self-replicating Wisdom Maverick
And terraforming myriad worlds to the Sanctuary

TWI TWI 