Hi {UPM}

My name is Isaac Wostrel-Rubin and I’d like to introduce you to the full service lightning protection company I co-founded, Ribcage Solutions, providing lightning safety for productions (more below).

As you likely know from experiences where your productions have had to shut down, lightning storms are not only a major inconvenience for productions, but sometimes a downright disaster!

Risk of serious injury or death to people nearby lightning strikes
Risk of L&D to sensitive equipment involved in filming
Loss of costly production hours
Shutting down during 30/30 call even while working indoors
AND intensifying weather each year has led to more and more 30/30 calls

That’s why a great number of people have been working behind the scenes on a solution: UPCOMING CSATF INCLEMENT WEATHER UPDATE WILL PROVIDE PRODUCTIONS WITH A PLAN TO CONTINUE WORKING INSIDE DURING LIGHTNING STORMS!

BUT these upcoming CSATF Inclement Weather bulletin changes will only allow productions to continue working inside during lightning storms *if* they have appropriate lightning protection installed around any external generators involved (i.e. designed, installed, and certified by a licensed lightning protection professional).

Taking full advantage of these changes requires productions to have extensive knowledge of lightning protection related vendors for site inspection, system design, installation, certification, and maintenance for each specific production location. Furthermore, installing classical lightning protection systems on portable generators will damage them.

Luckily, we’re experts in solving these types of problems and that’s why I’m writing to you. 

I figured that during the strike, if you’re like me, you’re itching to get back to work, and what better way to prepare than by enhancing your knowledge of the equipment available to help your production increase safety while also saving on time and money? 

If you’ve experienced lightning related disruptions and would like them solved, you’re invited to COFFEE AND DONUTS AT OUR LIVE DEMONSTRATION MEET AND GREET IN ATLANTA!!!!!!

Every day from now until September 1st, we’ll be at MBS TRILITH in ATLANTA, GA, hosting our services demonstration and coffee and donuts meet n’ greet.  

If you’re in ATL during the strike, we’d love to meet you and have a donut together while we go over how Ribcage can seriously benefit your productions in lightning prone areas. 


PLEASE RSVP HERE.



If you’re not in ATL, don’t be too sad, we still want to meet with you! 


please book a remote FREE CONSULTATION <- at that link! 





[Service overview]:


WHAT YOU GET

Minimized lightning related delays
No more 30/30 calls when working inside
Increased productivity

Maximized lightning related set safety
Decreased risk of injury and death
Decreased risk of equipment L&D
Increased crew preparedness

Maximized efficiency
One vendor, all sites, no hassle

HOW YOU GET IT

We assign an LPI Master Installer-lead “Ribcage Team” for each production to lead the design, installation, and certification of our kitted “ArcAngel lightning protection system” for each generator intended to remain operational in case of inclement weather. 

We send the kit(s) to production and they are set up by a crew member in coordination with the Ribcage Team. 

The crew member designated to work with the Ribcage Team should be a coordinator who can delegate to a PA. 

The result? Ribcage provides a chain of command from LPI, the regulator, to your production, which is handled at low cost to increase safety, increase uptime, and decrease expenses. 

Remember, each shut down is $25,000 worth of lost time, on average. 



Schedule your free 30-minute lightning safety consultation now





Visit our website @ ribcagesolutions.com or call us at 470.600.CAGE (2243)






Thanks so much for your time and consideration. 

Isaac Wostrel-Rubin
