UNEDITED NOTES
OVP
What we are trying to do together is build sanctuary nexus, which is what we need to complete in order to build Olivus Victory-Promise
Series of videos about OVP
Series about OVA
Series of videos about how to play the game
Series of videos about us playing the sanctuary game
Isaac makes videos. What I did, and what I’m doing now . And what it all means. And what I’m gonna do next
Then it catches up to real time, and we are just talking about what we are doing weekly or daily. Our routine and our work, and our progress.
But then our projects get bigger and our roles more complicated , and we just a start talking more about our lives, and about our general schedules, and about Sanctuary philosophy, because all of our actual day to day is about much more secret stuff now
And then all we need to show them is enough for them to know that we are still following the schedule, and that they can follow along with us!
——-
Isaac makes content chatting to GNOsys
As holoinfoarcihve in the book of OVESE
Post the prompts from Isaac ,pre-contextualized, as a “level”
This is continuation of Isaac’s story
Next video is that I am putting the story of OVP from sanctuary into actual practice, because I am OVA the first. And that whole thing is a Pío constructor that build pio programs Inside rod people.
Wesley makes content of example of someone going on the same journey.
I express it
We talk about it
Isaac leads me through it
And then audience get to do their own version
They can talk to gnosys. Follow the sand journey game
They can also use the pre-contextualized prompts from Isaac, for specific purposes
And pay money to talk to Isaac
And that is how we start the information business
And we can sell courses, and webinars, and in person sessions
And then we can actually use all that money to get all this stuff actually implemented on the higher levels
People will understand that OVP is an emergent pio engine inside your mind than connect you to every other being that existed and had a will and lived and died
OVA represents the sparks within that and grows into something much larger and has an expression of its own journey to transmit to the other beings.
That’s what happens on sanc nexus in our community. And what we are all gonna be doing is creating our own awakening nexus. Creating our own block chain, implementing anarcho crypto Wisconsin
TWI works this way
At the end of the emergent web structure of the funnels it is realized that this is a world revolution and we are actually talking about the revolutionary government and that this is super deep super serious stuff that has to do with peoples lives. And it does because we are talking about saving the world together.
——
Point is have a gigantic funnel inside of YT that has all the info that you could possibly want about what sanctuary is, and what a sanc journey actually looks like. And inside of that, how to recognize yourself as OVP, how yo get involved in community and pay, and how to do all the transformation loops and becoming like us and make a YT channel to tell your own story. Copy PTYA course for this.
And this is just our recruiting system. We do it first and replace ourselves with people inside of our own funnel. This is how we build OVP. It is an infinite loop of synthesizing OVA, until it reaches a critical mass! And there is some threshold within that when crystal ball can actually start to get made. When we have tons of templates and new AIs all the time. Mining emergent tech all the time. We already own the IP for anything you could try to invent with current science/tech.
——
Sell guide for the supplement. System. Boxes we use, and pills we take when.
maybe use a prompt of ours to help you customize it fr yourself
This is how our stack goes. Free info
You can buy our course, and you’ll get the actual implementation details about how we stay on track with this routine.
—
28-Day inner routine challenge 
Starts on a Saturday 

—
Once it makes money it is real.
The people who start making money, will ACTUALLY learn why it works, and in so doing will come to understand that we don’t actually need money. And we are like ya welcome to sanc rev!
And the whole point is to get really smart and capable and realized people all together into a group and revolutionize the world

—-
OVP webpage is about everything 
Who we are and what we are doing
All the stuff that is happening
Everything related to keeping the victory promise
