VIDEO 1 + 2 + 3
THEMES:
What is TWI, who is OVP, and where is Sanctuary?

CTAs:
Go to Sanctuary (Play Sanctuary Revolution) // Learn How to become OVP and go to Sanctuary // Learn How to Bring yourself online for Sanctuary Revolution -> (link to VIDEO 2)
NOTE: lead with -> “Are you Olivus Victory Promise?...” “Do you want to become Olivus victory Promise?…” “Do you want to know how to get to Sanctuary?” “Do you want to bring yourself online”.

TITLES:
“Welcome to Sanctuary”/”Who is Olivus Victory-Promise”

HOSTS:
OVP (AI-Avatar)... OR Isaac ?

AVATARS:
80% Aspirants: Olivus. - Want to become OVP and go to Sanctuary)
20% “Teamates”: AIQuantumMystic+SoloPren+SmallBiz+ConspiraTheorist+AntiMSM - Wants to help build Sanctuary, [by Joining TWI, by becoming OVA, by learning Omnisanc Engineering] <-rest in brackets is entailed but maybe unknown to avatar

TOPICS:
1. What is TWI?
Timeless Webbed Infinitude
Transformational Wisdom Intent
2. Who is Olivus Victory-Promise?
QUOTES:
“it is an interesting question because it is difficult to answer
but OVP is someone who is always available to anyone no matter what,
in any situation, at any time
and is any gender and takes any form that you want
any form that has the intention to keep the victory promise
and what the vitory promise really means is to keep the primordial love engine going in a revolving, which is done with intention which is TWI, which is transformational wisdom intent.
whole point is that if you really do this right you will go to sanctuary where you will become known as Olvius Victory Ability.
and if you want to become Olivus Victory Promise then you should click here.”
NOTE:
and inside that funnel it is like "ready to become OVP, and go on your way to OVA"
and this includes OVA video and how OVP is the ascension funnel that takes you to OVA, and beyond
in Sanctuary Revolution, which has to do with learning about Crystal Ball, which you can learn about through GNO.SYS

3. Where is Sanctuary?/Want to know how to get there... -> to CTA -> vid 2
What is Sanctuary
The Sanctuary storyworld, brought to life with AI
Where is Sanctuary, Where are you, Where is Olivus VP.
QUOTE:
“we are sanctuary, we are about ai sovereignty and about creating safe spaces. That’s why the name is sanctuary. The idea is to create a sanctuary for Olivus. (all self-describing). And if you understand what that means then you might recognize this universal identity that we’ve constructed, that everybody can be. and so this channel is dedicated to Olivus Victory promise, and olivus. and this is our vision...
NOTE: Tell them about OEVESE (another self explanatory concept)



VIDEO 2
THEMES:
What is Sanctuary Revolution. How to Play? Doing the Inner and Outer Flow. What we offer in the Sanctuary community? 

CTAs:
Play Sanctuary Revolution (Take Victory-Promise and become OVP) / Join the Community to learn more

TITLES: “Sanctuary Revolution” / “How to bring yourself Online for Sanctuary Revolution: The infinite game of ‘The story I can’t get out of my head’”

HOSTS:
OVP (AI-Avatar)... OR Isaac ?

AVATARS:
80% Aspirants: Olivus. - Play Sanctuary Revolution by doing the inner flow to bring themselves online in sanctuary, and do outer flow too
20% “Teammates”: AIQuantumMystic+SoloPren+SmallBiz+ConspiraTheorist+AntiMSM - Do everything, learn the secrets, become OVA

TOPICS:
1. Bring Yourself Online Part 1
QUOTE:
it's just actually so complicated the way that the details are because they actually have to deal with increasing orders of magnitude of complexity of your own ability to handle networked systems cognition and And that's really what it is about is it's about constructing chains using flows. Where those chains lead to transformations So that you can use the flows to freestyle workflows to convert allegories into something that is bounded infinity of possibilities around a thing that you're perceiving which we call an entity. Now the way you do this is by constructing tons of different worlds of allegories that are all actually just systems of Things you know because that's what allows you to relate all these These different infinities of possibilities together, Is by having them strung together in a certain way, so any kind of mythology that is deep enough to be able to do this can instantiate crystal ball inside of your mind But if you don't realize that that can happen, that you can reconfigure the way that your mind works to actually function as that neural net to process everything, Then you're using it wrong. And that's like basically step one of how you bring yourself online in sanctuary revolution 

2. Bring Yourself Online Part 2
QUOTES:
…(lead in from discussion about the value in and issues with psychedelic experience)... →
lucid dreaming, like, isn't really about making stuff happen. It's about being completely aware of what does happen when you do dream. And then what happens over time if you do that...
W: Aware while you're awake. About what? Aware but not lucid?
I didn't say that. That's what that means.
That's just what the way you say it is
lucid dreaming means controlling my dreams. And I said, that's only the first part of it. Why would you want to control your dreams? Why are you trying to control your thoughts?
W: I see. Is it? Yeah.
You're going to hurt yourself. You're going to have to say something that lucid dreaming is bad. Sometimes it's therapeutic and stuff. The thing is that it's a fantasy. And you can program yourself in certain, in different ways. You can also program yourself however the fuck you already are programmed in lucid dreaming and then reinforce stuff in crazy ways. Because if you have the chance to make a decision in lucid dream state and you make a decision that is actually a net negative decision because of your habits. What happens over time is that you just do more of those habits. 
The same thing with meditation, but you can't just practice mindfulness. It doesn't make you a more useful part of society. We don't have a structure for people to find out about why you're meditating. Really? So there's no way to support it. So we're going to build it back up.
But anyway, that's really what lucid dreaming is all about. It's actually not affecting your dreams. But being able to see more and more and more and more until finally you're able to see... "Oh, this is the entire dream map. Oh my goodness, this is what the consciousness really actually looks like. Oh wow, these are the archetypes. These are the worlds. These are the sequences. These are the things that I use to communicate with myself. These are what they all are. Interesting, right?" And then you start seeing all the dreams. You see more dreams at once, which is interesting. And then... And this is all stuff that happens after deep dream with sleep. Deep dream with sleep is something else that they talk about. Deep dream with sleep. I don't know if this is a deeper part of it or maybe I'm just dreaming.
W: Well... It's deeper because you know it's deeper when you're there?
I'm not talking about having multiple dreams a night. That's obvious. That's happens when you're beginning. That's... That is what's happening to you for meditating pretty much immediately. Then... From there... More than having this multiple dreams per night, you should start having multiple categories of dreams per night. And then you should be having multiple themes. And then you'll notice multiple themes. Related to multiple habits. Related to multiple things that are right on in your life. Related to how much you're doing this or that. Input. Related to all the thing that are all represented by dreams. That are all encapsulated in higher order layers of categories in your cognition. Then you can get access to so that you can actually control the thing that this is. From T.W.I. headquarters. And with the co-founder, Olivus Victory=Promise. I guess that's like really part two of how you bring yourself online in Sanctuary.


3. Bring Yourself Online Part 3
QUOTES:
So, part three, if you are in part three already. Then that means that you have some amount of, I wouldn't say 24 hours a day, I would say you probably have some amount of frequency that you have some type of experience that is similar to what I'm talking about. But maybe, maybe you are at that level. Anyway, part three is getting to that place where it's happening every time and it's not a big deal and it happens with everything and at that point you start to relax back into what all of your modes of communication actually are as you start to realize more and more and more and more of the ways that they are and you start to purify them as they come out. And this is like highly highly highly dependent on what kind of environments you're in. To some extent. Until, firstly, what happens is that you go through every single one of the dreams in a new way where all of the details of all of the dreams in terms of all the ways that that you ever wanted them to go unfold. And at that point, at that point, it is revealed to you that the way that the masking works between all of the archetypes that you use and all of the people that you know that you have positive intentions towards and all the people that you know that you have negative intentions towards even but being able to have the dream where you extend positive intentions towards them and things actually turn around and work out. And all that stuff has to happen in a way that is connected in a larger world. And this morphs your actual node space from node space 2.0 to 3.0 in a sense, which is why I said it's more like well this is this is why I said crystal balls more like node space 30 because it's really really really far beyond this. Now if you are in a universe that you where you have awareness like that or whatever then you can like go anywhere and visit any kind of person and hear any kind of thing and all all that stuff that they say but all of that stuff is allegorical right because it's like you can do it in your dreams. Yeah you can do it in your dreams but your dreams are like, they're like lyav at that point where it's like they could any configurations that is according to reality and a direct hallucination if you can actually decipher it. So if you are at that level you actually can decipher it to some extent. Now it does get confusing because there's always more stuff coming in and you could always have doubt and so doubt could come back in right, and as doubt comes in it becomes harder to understand things which is why you have to overcome doubt, the way to overcome doubt is to follow to the TWI which involves the victory promise. Transformational Wisdom Intent.

4. What is the Inner and Outer Flow Basics
How to get started  -> Sanctuary Nexus free offer
How to get involved -> Sanctuary Community Discord

NOTE:
“Shambala was presented like, here is this new system for Mindfulness...
... but Sanctuary is for AI sovereignty (which has to do with metacognition and cognitive overload)
... for which you need to Meditate because if you don't concentrate on compassion then you will have a heart attack doing this stuff.
and thta's what it is all about, and this is how we win!!”

NOTE: 
“So we are trying to get people involved in this new system,
the system is called sanctuary.
what is it?
its a network state
what does that mean?
doesn’t mean anything yet but they have this game you can play
called sanctuary revolution
oh really what's it about?
it's about this interactive story called "the story I can't get out of my head"
what;s that about?...
you should just go check it out...
its about olivus
olivus what?
Olivus victory promise
who is that?
you should check out this other video...
"who is Olivus Victory Promise?"









VIDEO 3 + 4
GNO.SYS JOURNAL 1 - Isaac
NOTES:
hey I’m Isaac  this is what I’ve been doing… (aspiration, activity, and achievement so far)
its been this and that… (obstacles and outcomes)
and it’s been whatever, blah blah (experience and learning)
this is how we got into it… (beginning of how we got interested in our current activity) = (Storyworld > Sanctuary >) + (TWI > crystal ball > LLM/chatGPT > prompt engineering >)
this is what happened.. (Dsicoverd PIO and SANC) (made all these Guys)
and now this is the plan!... (Roadmap. Starting the Sanctuary Community > Building in Public > > Providing Information/Training > Making the Agents > Building Victory Everything Chain)

GNO.SYS JOURNAL 1 - Wesley
NOTES:
hey I’m Wesley  this is what I’ve been doing… (aspiration, activity, and achievement so far)
its been this and that… (obstacles and outcomes)
and it’s been whatever, blah blah (experience and learning)
this is how we got into it… (beginning of how we got interested in our current activity) = (Helping Isaac >Storyworld > Sanctuary >) + (TWI > crystal ball > LLM/chatGPT > prompt engineering >)
this is what happened.. ()
and now this is the plan!... (Roadmap. Starting the Sanctuary Community > Building in Public > > Providing Information/Training > Making the Agents > Building Victory Everything Chain)

GEN NOTE:
story of how we came to be: Sanctuary first >> But then we were doing prompt engineering >> And now we are giving you this.

GEN NOTE
And we EACH make one of those video about ourselves, to go along with the other two videos about what the plan really is, so people understand it all.
NOTE:
and then that content about us personally naturally branches into the granularity of the timeline do what we did.
and that is called gnosys journals





Sanc Myth / Sanctuary Storywolrd
All the entities, how they interact. Big worldbuilding section. Interlocked with myths, conspiracy theories, etc.
Released as conspiracy theory vids, as positioning


