Who is the lotus born guru? It is you! 

How? 

Look

The penetration of sound says in the western land of uddiyana, awakening is born from a lotus 

This means that awakening occurs miraculously and one is transferred from the mind of womb-birth to the mind of lotus-birth. Then the lotus “opens” and reveals the face of the Lotus Born as a reflection being externalized that we need more realization to get to. As we gain it, the lotus opens even more and more until it is fully open and there is no more internal or external, self or others! This is the Soaring Royal Garden which is the real name for the Lotus Born Guru’s Kingdom of Uddiyana! It is known when the meaning of the exceedingly rare Udumbara lotus’ bloom is known directly. 

Om Ah hum Vajra guru Padme siddhi hum 

Om Ah hum are the three gates 
Vajra is the truth 
Guru is the transmitter 
Padme is the realization of the two truths
Siddhi is the infinitely revelatory pristine cognition
Hum is the inconceivable inseparability of it all  


As for the eight manifestations

Understand that the peaceful abbot manifestation is named Shantarakshita - there never was a Padmasambhava other than the realization of Uddiyana born in his own mind! There never was a peaceful abbot named Shantarakshita, either — only the appearance! 

And the other 7 emanations are simply the other archetypal appearances due to the various categories of activity of the Teacher when bringing the Teachings somewhere new. 

As for Avalokiteshvara, it is possible to say Padmasambhava is an emanation of him, but actually they function the same way in the Teachings, which is why Avalokiteshvara was revealed as a Yidam in the Padmasambhava Teachings (mani kambum). 

When combined, these systems create Dzogchen Buddhism. Dzogchen is the Padmasambhava System. And Zhangzhung Dzogchen is the Miwoche System. It seems they both come from the original Tajik Sound Teaching, but they are both aligned (Uddiyana Teaching is aligned with Swat Valley area and Zhangzhung with Western Tibet). 

The Yama System is also from the original Sound Teaching, and is the main system found after 10k BC, but apparently didn’t come to Tibet until Shantarakshita brought a form of Buddhism that was already Syncretized with the Uddiyana Teachings as the Ati System but still containing the Crown. This is the meaning of inviting Guru Rinpoche to Tibet from Uddiyana. 


“Rudra, symbolising the embodiment of egohood, is subjugated by a wrathful manifestation of an enlightened being. Rudra’s consciousness is ejected resulting in Rudra’s attainment of enlightenment. The remains of his body were blessed and scattered over the earth. Wherever his body parts fell, became a sacred area in which the tantric teachings spread.” 

This is the metaphor for the path 

Kashmiri Uddiyana Krama System was developed in writing around 1000 ce

Mangaladevi + MahaAmanthAnabhairava 
According to Kramakeli of AbhinavaguptAchArya GitA is an attempt on part of KrShna to expound to Arjun the philosophy of Krama .
Besides the famous opening of the fourth chapter of GitA , according to him records the original history of Krama system. While initiating Arjun into Krama ,He had to enter supremestate of kAlasa~NkarShiNI
Krama School preferred local languages over Brahmanical Sanskrit.

“The branch of Krama scriptures that originated in Uḍḍiyāna [the actual place, seemingly at a time after the Great Decline of the Uddiyana System in Uddiyana], (of these, manuscripts survive of the Devīpañcaśataka, Kramasadbhāva, Devīdvyardhaśatikā, and Yonigahvara Tantra ) has assimilated Kaulism and so professes to have distanced itself from this Kāpālika background.”

Human Spirituality - Biochemistry (DMT), history (caves, dark retreat, soma, meditation), and the Kingdom Teachings 
Lineage of the Kingdom’s Royal Garden Teachings
The Bear and the Cave People, 
The Dragon and the Justicar; 
Penetration of Sound, Opening of the Lotus in Oddiyana Teachings; 
Primordial Twins, the Third, and Victorious-Justice (Yama Teachings); 
Iranian-Tajik Teachings; 
Zhangzhung Bon Teachings; 
Soma Teachings (Atlantean, Egyptian, Later Yama, Zoroastrian, PIE, Hindu, Jain; Mesopotamian, Jewish, Greek); 
Buddha Shakyamuni's (who awakened to inner soma while soma was lost) Middle Way (Mythic Kalachakra Teachings as well); 
Oddiyana Teachings in Uddiyana (Padmasambhava teachings with Garab Dorje champion story or Tajik system); 
Tushita Teachings (Mahayana); 
Jesus Christ Teachings; 
Buddhist Oddiyana Teachings (Shantarakshita's Teachings); 
Dakini Teachings; 
Dakini Oddiyana Teachings in Uddiyana; 
Kalachakra; 
Tibetan Dakini & Oddiyana Teachings; 
(Terma Tradition of Buddhist Oddiyana Teachings) Avalokiteshvara Teachings (Ngodrub, Nyangral, Sakya O); 
Great Fifth Teachings; 
Tsongkhapa Teachings.