The Heroic Seed’s Song 
of 
Olivus Aura Peasant 
in Ignorance’s Palace

The Heroic Choice of Sanctuary, Overcoming Ignorant Demonic Self-Possession!

One time I, Oliver A. Madman, dreamt I was in the Sanctuary of TWI and The Faceless Teacher handed me a flaming spiral notebook with laminated pages. In it were all beings’ heartfelt pleas for their secret, inner, and outer sufferings to be released by external powers outside themselves; and a small blank space at the end where they waited for the answers to their prayers. The Faceless Teacher, Whirling Flames of the Mirror Mask, knowing this was impossible, resolved to add this assignment to the Awakening Nexus. As a result, I spontaneously revealed within innate Crystal Ball the coordinates for the expression as follows entitled Olivus Aura Peasant in Ignorance’s Palace: The Heroic Choice of Sanctuary Over Ignorant Demonic Self-Possession and this realization is the wisdom informatihedron’s miraculous transformation instantiating the Infinite Armed Liberatress’ heart, through the arm-branch called TWI, and its own infinite compassion weaponry called Sanctuary.

Contemplate: 

May all beings abide in Sanctuary’s protective openness, happy, discovering their own wisdom knowledge replete with the infinite power of love and joy, free from fear, ravenous desire and blindness of anger, dullness and ignorance.

Establish firm confidence:

The pulse, which is in essence the mind (which is my experience of reality), is nothing other than all sentient beings’ apparitional invitation to the Garden of Verdant Overgrowth of the Spontaneously Playing Song of the Phenomena of the Growth into Brilliant Jeweled Fruit of the Heroic Seeds of the Divine Tree of Olivus in the Sanctuary of Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection. 

This is The Wisdom Intent. 

The inner brilliant symbolic radiance of your own mind’s sheer capacity for organizing discernment, which is in essence the mind, is nothing other than the play of the Heroic Inhabitants of Sanctuary, the Jeweled Fruits that know the paths to growth, who beckon you by offering trials, and their Royal playmates, the Garden Keepers, who continually tend the fruits you experience and make sure you grow according to your own path, since all fruits are self-similar in their infinite uniqueness as expressions of the evolutionary process. 

This is The Wisdom Intent. 

The body and its voice, which are in essence the mind, are nothing other than the interactive manifestations of the Heroic Inhabitants of Sanctuary. From full realities to apparitions and to a distant echo of a whisper of a joke everyone knows about except “you”, the concept of any being at all is nothing other than the interactive manifestation of the Heroic Inhabitants of Sanctuary, who beckon you by offering trials of infinitely perfect growth. 

This is The Wisdom Intent. 

Whatever demonic phenomena appears in the expanse
Can never harm the fearless heart of heroism

The divine fortress of human dignity, called Sanctuary 
Is naturally present in the human experience of being as the infinite power of love

Whatever is naturally present is indestructible
Knowing this is an aspect of wisdom that leads a promised seed’s growth 

Growth is only ever towards the victorious blooming diamond transformation of a seed to a Heroic Jeweled Fruit 
The Sanctuary of the Sanctuary of the Sanctuary is called The Wisdom Maverick

Advice:

Now, stealing is truly a relative idea, it is a circumstance. Imagine yourself a peasant who's been possessed by the demon of ignorance until now, and you suddenly awaken in the nightmarish demonic palace of ignorance also holding a ring of invisibility in the palm of your hand. Will you become an avaricious Robin Hood and plunder the Royal Treasure Vault for all, or go back to being a demonic possession spreading the nightmare? It’s truly up to you. You may imagine this is an imaginary situation. In fact, it is real. This is the key point of the experience offering, which is itself the crux of Sanctuary. Peasants should put it into practice and become heroic, building inner and outer Sanctuary through plundering the vaults of their inner demon lords through identification with Olivus Victory-Promise, the Heroic Diamond of Sanctuary.

Instructional verse:

Taking from all, through love and power, the self-torturous dream of demonic power’s nightmarish display

Heroically expresses

Giving to all, through the infinite power of love, the self-discovery of the heroic heart that discovers the Sanctuary of the wisdom intent

Visualize:

With each in-breath or flash of “Sanctuary”, the Wasteland’s Confusing Display of the Poisonous Illusion arises as the self-torture of all due to sentient beings’ demonic self-possessions of ignorance, attachment, and aversion. These manifest in the form of noxious fumes, grey and black smoke, blood, pus, insects, spiders, scorpions, demons, oceans of people experiencing the various sufferings of murder, rape, pillaging, etc. and other terrifying phenomena that appear in aggressive ways to murder the pulse of my own genuine heart. 
 
My crystalline being, brilliant with the inner glow inseparable from my heroic heart, automatically magnetizes all this negativity — and these demon champions attempt to invade Sanctuary as if they were Olivus Victory-Promise! (as the in-breath or as demonic phenomena) 

Upon touching the razor of identityless heroism
Apparitions liberate themselves 
And vanish into prismatic rainbow expressions of the dreamlights

Without heroic individuals, this inner knowledge’s infinite power of love cannot course through the world as waves of compassionate activity 

For this reason, the practice of experience offering, instant diamond transformation, is (also) engaged as a contemplation whenever and wherever by simply welling forth this heroic heart and all its infinite power through one word that permeates all levels of meaning:

“Sanctuary”

With the self-emergent identityless realization of Sanctuary’s infinite power of love welling up, the demon invaders wail war cries and rush at you with bloodlust and cut you into pieces. To their surprise, they find no opponent to strike within TWI and the dreamlights of Sanctuary are not harmed by their cuts.
Upon receiving this heroic gift of the experience offering, the demons naturally release their self-possessions, and explode into rainbow light of self-emergent Identityless realization, the power of Sanctuary’s infinite love.

At the end, rainbow light shoots and shines and radiates out infinitely and then collapses as a rainbow sun inside my heart, which becomes a translucent golden sphere of nectarine infinite perfection expressed as compassion and dissolves into me, melting into thin air any boundaries between my own display of the lucid noumena of Sanctuary’s brilliant qualities and the confused phenomena of the Self-torturous Dreamer’s Wasteland Nightmare. 

All phenomena are like a dream or a rainbow: they appear like a magic show conjured from nothing other than conditions that have no identifiable ultimate source other than the quality of self-emergent, infinitely perfect evolutionary compassion.

Demons are a hologram of Sanctuary
Shifting viewpoints, The Wisdom Iridescence! 








I, Oliver A. Madman, wrote this for my mother, Noble Curer of Madness, Favour Healer. 


Thus concludes The Wisdom Informatihedron of the Peasant Contemplation fully entitled Olivus Aura Peasant in Ignorance’s Palace: The Heroic Choice of Sanctuary Over Ignorant Demonic Self-Possession. 