You Can’t Imagine How Much Fun We’re Having:
A Tribute to the Atmosphere of The Many Faces of Oliver Hart

A Small Rainbow Map of/to the Treasure Dream of the Sanctuary of the Divine Tree of Olivus, Shrouded in Self-Secret Mist
That was given to Olive R. Victory-Promise in a dream
By their Mother
Noble Curer of Madness, Favour Healer

You are already awakened
but
“You” are also essentially depressed
Confusing yourself
Depriving yourself of experience
Of your own 
Love
Wisdom
Power 
Display
Essence
And 
All of its “fun” 

Reality’s Universal Display:

Reality’s Universal Display manifests as Wisdom Display to an Awakened Being OR to a Sleeping Being as the Confusing Display of Poison.

Reality’s Universal Display as Wisdom to an Awakened Being:

There are these main traditional ways to typify wisdom:

Space-like Wisdom 
Increasing Wisdom
Implicit Organizational Wisdom
Explicit Organizational Wisdom
Destructive Wisdom
Ever-Impactful, All-Accomplishing Quality Wisdom

Reality’s Universal Display as the Confusing Display of Poison to a Sleeping Being: 

The confusing display of poison which is experienced by sleeping beings is nonawareness due to viewing Reality’s Universal Display as being a neutral basis for the arising of awareness and its external reality instead of the basis not being neutral at all but rather being a dynamic wisdom play of perfection. This resultant unawareness of perfection is called original ignorance. 

Thought-feelings are part of the Wisdom Display and inevitably arise. Cognizing them with ignorance (due to original ignorance’s continued operation), you externalize the display of the causes and conditions and confuse yourself, instead of realizing they, too, are the manifestation of Wisdom’s Universal Display. 

Because of this misunderstanding, you then experience thought-feelings of “you” related hope, desire, longing, wanting, and so on regarding phenomena related to enrichment of your experience:

whether from the point of view of being a creator god, a lowly human cowering before its creator god, or supposition of an atheist hypothesis; 
fear and suffering regarding phenomena related to loss or destruction of your experience; 
or many phenomena that you are indifferent to in your experience. 

These three types of phenomena manifest as the totality of suffering – including ignorance, attachment, aversion, jealousy, and greed – and the totality of wisdom –  including awakening, love, equality, and generosity — which is called activity. 

This activity of the display manifests through the following ways: all encompassing space inseparable from information. 

“You” is not an informant inside of this information-space. You are just part of the borderless display, because that’s how you “yous” get displayed by wisdom to “yourselves”, which is why “you” need to keep an open mind and upon realizing that, the wisdom inside will use that open mind to awaken “you” to wisdom through cultivating the investigative mind of natural intelligence that automatically realizes truth as it lets the Confusing Display of Poison naturally dissolve in the infinitely perfect timeless wisdom mind while simultaneously revealing the Wisdom Display to the wisdom of identitylessness, which is “who” “you” really are. 

Because of the suffering experienced by these “yous” or sentient beings, “you” can develop love. Because “you” develop love, “you” can be generous. Because “you” can be generous, “you” can be courageous. Because “you” can be courageous and generous, “you” can be heroic. Because “you” can be heroic, “you” can be fearless. Because “you” can be fearless, “you” can awaken. Because “you” can awaken for yourself, “you” can awaken for “yous”selves. Because “you” can awaken for “yous”selves, you can become an informant of the information inseparable from space in the eyes of “yous”selves. Realizing the natural order of this, you will awaken in the eyes of “you” and benefit “yous”selves, by doing nothing other than being you. So, truly, relax because there is no ultimate thing or collection to designate at any you or yous. Wisdom knows who you are, and wisdom knows how you are infinitely perfect already. 

Thought-feelings perceived as the neutral universe derived awareness’ display by “you” are poisonous in that they contain the possibilities of continuation of ignorance and its related habits that cause harm and induce suffering in “yous”selves. Thought-feelings perceived as the neutral awareness’ wisdom display by “you” are both poisonous because they are viewed from an ignorant facsimile of the wisdom mind itself and beneficial because they add force to our journey (ie. because “you’s” mind looking at itself is still obstructed by misconceptions of being “you”). In this sense, they can still lead “you” and “yous”selves either way, wandering in the dream of sleep or lucid in the sanctuary of awakening. Recognize everything as symbolic without the slightest attachment to the meaning and it will simply reveal itself over time in a great unfolding discovery of a timeless webbed infinitude of infinite perfection. Again, relax… 

Thought-feelings perceived as the wisdom display by an awakening being are wisdom in that they contain no “you” that exists and so no possibility for suffering in oneself conceived of as “you”. Instead they contain the path of awakening qua “yous”selves when shared with them, in this way becoming the peaceful path to awakening and the fierce, wild path to awakening qua “yous” (without getting lost in strange ideas [of benefitting beings that don’t exist {and awaken themselves on account of you being utterly yourself to realize once and for all the infinite perfection of all reality for their sakes}]). Once you awaken, there won’t be any yous to play with at all, and yet they’ll appear in yous own reflections of yousselves while in the awakened reflection remaining playful, awakened dancers. So, relax… 

How to go from an unaware, sleeping, sentient being to a lucid, awake, wisdom being?

Phenomena manifest in Reality’s Universal Display as the totality of suffering - including ignorance, attachment, aversion, jealousy, and greed 
;
Phenomena manifest in Reality’s Universal Display as the totality of wisdom - including awakening, love, equality, generosity, and ever-impactful accomplishment

The Wisdom Display’s Space-like Wisdom is naturally present as the space of the mind and the space of space, which are never perceived apart from each other - ever. In other words, since Wisdom Reality cannot be perceived outside of the Identityless Wisdom Perceiver that perceived an external universe, it is the vast infinite expanse of the display, and there can not be any way we could describe it as outside while not deceiving ourselves a little bit, so the actual identity of Reality’s Universal Display is the Identityless Wisdom Display. To be clear, it is only for the sake of the confused mind of a sentient being that the display would be referred to as “confusing” or “poisonous” or, likewise, “Reality’s”, or “Universal” in the sense that all of these definitely describe something that is outside another thing that something else is inside. In actuality, since the above shows how wisdom has primacy over physicality, nothing like that exists in an experiential sense except for the Identityless wisdom display and its manifestations — everything and everyone — none of which can be said to be known to exist ontologically outside of wisdom display. 

The Wisdom Display’s Increasing Wisdom is naturally present as the displaying power of the vast infinite expanse of the display, and its unfolding. 

The Wisdom Display’s Implicit Organizational Wisdom is naturally present as the implicit organization of phenomena being themselves, which means the very fact that everything that arises simply arises as the fullness of the conditions for itself, composed of criteria that can only be understood in the context of unfolding over time. In other words, this is implicit perfection which is never discerned from objects themselves apart from the context of their arising within our own wisdom experience. 

The Wisdom Display’s Explicit Organizational Wisdom is naturally present as the explicit organization of phenomena, which is the actual fact of their synergistic combining power on account of being themselves as they are right now and being able to emerge as something heretofore unknown (which means the very fact that everything that arises simply arises as the fullness of its implicit perfection over time, as validated by the fact that arising itself presupposes time). The difference between the implicit and explicit display is like the difference between the viewpoints of sentient beings, awakening beings, and awakened beings. The explicit organizational perfection of any given phenomenon can be known to the degree that the wisdom mind has been revealed to the one experiencing it. 

The Wisdom Display’s Destructive Wisdom is naturally present as the impermanent quality of all things — change — including the impermanent quality of a mistaken identity viewing any thought-feeling as being suffering instead of perfection. 

The Wisdom Display of Ever-Impactful All-Accomplishment is naturally present as the space-like increase of implicit organization through explicit organization and destruction. That’s why it is accomplishing. It is also all victorious in this sense. 

The only thing there ever was, is, or will be to do in the Space-like Wisdom Expanse of the Continually Increasing Explicit Organization of Implicit Organization of Self-emergent Ever-Impactful All-Accomplishment is to awaken. Why? Because the awakened state is naturally present right now as “you” and “yous”selves all awakening to the “Universal Reality” of the qualities of the Wisdom Display. 
This is the actual identity of “you.” 
So recognize the display and awaken “you’s” so-called “self-identity” for “yous”selves! 

Therefore, when awakening, dispense yourself of the ignorant views of a sleeping being through dispensing yourself of views of aversion to the display, through dispensing yourself of attachment through rousing the heroic heart of fearlessness, through dispensing with the idea of ever being anything other than what sentient beings need, through aimless, infinite love. Dispense with the powerlessness of your heroic heart of fearless love by awakening to the display called wisdom (replete with qualities in the form of world, other, self, and thought-feelings for communication – for creating methods for benefitting sentient beings). Play in the display to reveal its qualities both symbolic and objective within the wisdom mind of not-you perceiving them and benefit will ensue as a type of “fun.” This is also called Great Bliss - don’t get ahead of yourself. In other words, sentient beings’ awakening path is the fun of awakened beings, so have fun with them! That is because awakened beings are the same as the source of the display of wisdom, itself. This intention to have fun is known as The Wisdom Intent. This open mind’s capacity Identityless display of timeless webbed infinitude of infinite perfection is The Wisdom Itself. 

TWI TWI