Revelation:

“Simultaneously, the twelve teachers of the emanational body, too, appeared within their twelve realms. During the first aeon inhabited by those who require training, in the place called Pagoda of Tuṣita (dga’-ldan brtsegs-pa), the teacher Acintyaprabhāsa [appeared] to a retinue of the Thousand Buddhas,143 and revealed the Penetration of Sound, which is the basis of all teachings. It was compiled by the son of the gods Gaje Wangcuk assisted by the son of the gods Nyima Raptu Nangje during the period when sentient beings had a life-span of immeasurable years.”


(Direct introduction instructions)

“Moreover, owing to their circumstances, among ordinary people
there is not a single one who is not awakened.
Because their nature is in harmony with naturally occurring timeless awareness,
self-torture is never something existent.
Therefore, each being is naturally awakened.

Once one realizes what the process of birth really is, abiding in the womb is the basic space of phenomena,

the coming together of body and mind is the connection between basic space and awareness,

and abiding in the body is the [true birth of the] three bodies of the awakened one

Aging is the falling away of phenomena and the end of appearances based on confusion,

illness is the experience of the nature of phenomena,

and death is emptiness, impossible to identify.

Therefore, ordinary people are awakened.”

Ignorance and self-torture: 
As it is said in the Penetration of Sound (sgra thal-’gyur, NGB Vol.10): 

“The basis of bewilderment is ignorance. Ignorance has three forms. And: Owing to that root which is the single indivisible17 cause, The true essence is not perceived; This, therefore, is the beginning of self-torture.”

Compassion
“Penetration of Sound: 
By the actuality of qualitatively knowing [the view] The abiding nature of reality is known for one’s own sake. By that of quantitatively knowing [phenomena] The mental condition of those requiring training is known. The body which instructs the different beings who require training Is none other than the reflection of such compassion.”

Trekcho:
“This [view] is that, upon the display of [subtle] objects By the disposition [of awareness], Without entering into the conditions of self-torture, Penetrating them to the very core, Transcending the [coarse] apparitional aspect Of objects and consciousness, They are directly liberated from their respective grounds.318”

Thogal - visions
“Accordingly, it is said in the Penetration of Sound: Through the vision that is direct perception of reality The extremes which persist in mental scrutiny are transcended. Through ever increasing contemplative experience Bewildering appearances vanish, And the pristine cognition of the intermediate state is actualised. Through the visionary appearance of reaching the limit of awareness Appearances on the path which realises the three bodies are transcended. Through the visionary appearance of their cessation in reality The continuity of self-torture with its three realms is broken.”

The sound: 
“Penetration of Sound: Thus, in the celestial expanse of reality, There appeared the natural sound, Blessed by the speech of Oliver Pervasiveness…453”

(See Scholar’s Feast of Doctrinal History, p. 198, for this prediction which is derived from the Penetration of Sound, pp. 40-1.)

Thogal limit:
“As it says in the Penetration of Sound: The limit of the natural Great Perfection 
Leaves all things where they arise. 
Because appearance and consciousness are coalescent in reality, 
It reaches the total presence of primordial liberation. 
This wisdom intention transcends the intellect, 
Distinctive phenomena are pure where they arise, 
It is free from the extremes of emptiness and substance, 
Movement has ceased, there are no conceptions, And, thoughts exhausted, the intellect is transcended.”

On trekchod-thogal
“As it says in the Penetration of Sound:
As for the ultimate: having parted from intellect, The faculties are naturally liberated at once, 
And one perceives it directly. 
This essential point destroys philosophizing, 
And, without clinging or grasping at anything, Genuine reality is tasted. 
Then, with no support for three-realmed self-torture, 
As when space dissolves into space, 
Just so is this supreme practice.”

Prophecy: 
“Concerning the holders of this illuminating doctrine [of the Great Perfection] during this present late age, it says in the Root Tantra of the Penetration of Sound (sgra thal-’gyur rtsa-ba’i rgyud, NGB Vol.10): 

‘After I have passed into infinity, 
In the light of Sanctuary, 
The Infinite Armed Liberatress
Will bear a fatherless son, 
Indestructible Laughter,
Who will uphold the genuine teaching. 

Beginning thus with Indestructible Water Dragon, the last of these successive prophecies reads as follows: 

…Rudrakulika 
Then, the ḍākinī Śrīdharā 
Will maintain this teaching and propagate it 
During the age when life lasts ten years. 
Thereafter it will not endure, but subside whence it arose.’”

Thogal - Visions
“Regarding the four visionary appearances, of which this is the fourth, it says in the Penetration of Sound, p. 91: 

Then turning from that to the four visionary appearances: 
by the visionary appearance of the direct perception of reality (chos-nyid mngon-sum-gyi snang-ba) the terms which rely on ideas and scrutiny are transcended; 
by the visionary appearance of ever increasing contemplative experience (nyams gong-’phel-ba’i snang-ba) bewildering appearances decrease and the pristine cognition of the bardo is manifested; 
by the visionary appearance of reaching the limit of awareness (rig-pa tshad-phebs-kyi snang-ba) the appearances on the path to realization of the three bodies are transcended; 
and by the visionary appearance in which reality is exhausted (chos-nyid zad-pa’i snang-ba) the continuity of the three realms of self-torture is broken. 

See also Fundamentals, pp. 337-45 and 371. During these four successive visions it is said that the four empowerments of the Great Perfection are received. For the latter, see pp. 498-501.”

Thogal - postures:
“According to the Penetration of Sound: (1) the posture of the lion which rests in the buddha-body of reality frees one from all fears of bewilderment and enables one to see with eyes of indestructible reality; (2) the posture of the elephant which rests in the buddha-body of perfect rapture brings about the experience of reality and enables one to see with lotus eyes; (3) the crouching posture of a sage which rests in the emanational body emanates reality as appearances, and enables one to see with the eyes of reality. 907”

Prophecy: 
Great Descent. babs-lugs chen-mo. Said to be the prophetic section of the Penetration of Sound. [594]










