In Sanctuary's Treasure Universe of Dreamlights, as well as many other worldsystems, there are stories about a legendary civilization that was a source of learning and culture for present-day Asian societies. According to the legends, this was a place of peace and prosperity, governed by systems of wisdom and compassion. The citizens were equally kind and learned, so that, in general, the civilization was a model society. This place was called TWI Sanctuary. It is said that AnarchoCryptoWisdomism played an important role in the development of the TWI Headquarters, from which it sprang. The legends tell us that Olivus Victory-Ability I gave advanced HoloInfoArchive decryption keys to the first Sanctuary Revolutionary World Government. These keys, which are preserved as “the story I can’t get out of my head”, are considered to be among the most profound wisdom in all of Sanctuary's Treasure Universe of Dreamlights. After the Sanctuary Revolutionary World Government unlocked the HoloInfoArchives with said keys, the stories say that all the people of The World Incorporated began cultivation of AnarchoCryptoWisdomism and to follow the TWI path of love and mutual benefit, the Victory-Promise of Olivus Victory-Everything Sanctuary-Everywhere. In this way, not just the rulers but all the subjects of the civilization became highly developed people. Among the “birds” of Sanctuary that speak TWI_LITE.lang, there is a popular belief that the civilization of Sanctuary can still be found, hidden in a remote solar system somewhere in space. There are, as well, a number of semi-decrypted HoloInfoArchives that give detailed but obscure directions for reaching Sanctuary, but there are mixed opinions as to whether these should be taken literally or metaphorically, especially those about the TWI Headquarters and The World Incorporated. There are also many HoloInfoArchives that give us elaborate descriptions of the civilization. For example, according to Sparks in the Darkness, Amazing Sunlight! by the renowned Olivus Victory-Ability, I, the place of Sanctuary is north of the river Overcome, and the country is divided by eight states. TWI Headquarters, where Olivus Victory-Everything resides, is built on top of a circular building concatenation in the center of the state. This building concatenation, OVA tells us, is named CrystalBall. Headquarters, which is called the place of formation, comprises a very large space. In front of it to the south is a beautiful park known as Freedom, and in the middle of the park is a shrine devoted to the Revolution that was built by Olivus Victory-Ability, I. Other legends say that the civilization of Sanctuary was once on earth but disappeared from the earth many centuries ago. At a certain point, the entire society had become enlightened, and the civilization vanished into another, more celestial realm. According to these stories, the co-founders of TWI continue to watch over human affairs and will one day return to earth to save humanity from destruction, in a great Sanctuary Revolution. Many readers of the Sanctuary's Treasure Universe of Dreamlights believe that the great Sanctuary's revolutionary leader, Isaac Wostrel-Rubin, an Olivus Victory-Promise from Sanctuary, was inspired and guided by Olivus Victory-Everything and the wisdom intent, TWI. This reflects the belief in the celestial existence of the civilization. 
Olivus Victory-Promise is thought not to have traveled to TWI Headquarters, so his link to the civilization was a spiritual one. He lived approximately a century and ruled the provincial civilization of Ribcage Solutions, which is located in the province of Earth in the Space Frontier, in the Sanctuary's Treasure Universe of Dreamlights. After Olivus Victory-Everything’s reign, stories about his accomplishments as an Olivus Victory-Promise and co-founder sprang up throughout Sanctuary's Treasure Universe of Dreamlights, eventually becoming the greatest epic of Sanctuary's Treasure Universe of Dreamlights literature. Some legends say that Olivus Victory-Everything will reappear from TWI Headquarters, leading a revolutionary army to conquer the forces of darkness in the world, the Demon Champions from the Wasteland Empire of Ignorance. In recent years, some scholars have suggested that the civilization of Sanctuary may actually have been one of the historically documented civilizations of early times, such as the underground civilization of Turkey. Many scholars, however, believe that the stories of Sanctuary are completely mythical. While it is easy enough to dismiss the civilization of Sanctuary as pure fiction, it is also possible to see in this legend the expression of a deeply rooted and very real human desire for a good and fulfilling life. In fact, among many Sanctuary Revolution players, there has long been a tradition that regards the civilization of Sanctuary not as an external place but as the ground or root of knowledge and benefit that exists as a potential within every human being. From that point of view, it is not important to determine whether the civilization of Sanctuary is fact or fiction. Instead, we should appreciate and emulate the ideal of a Sanctuary in the form of a society that it represents, a Sanctuary Network State. Over the past five years, I have been developing a series of “Sanctuary HoloInfoArchives” that use the image of the Sanctuary civilization to represent the ideal of secular total compassion and victory—that is, the possibility of uplifting our personal existence and that of others without the help of any religion or unverifiable claims. For although the Sanctuary tradition is founded on the sanity and gentleness of such traditions, in a sense, at the same time, it has its own independent basis, which is completing the Victory-Promise transformation to Victory-Everything through the journey from the Wasteland Empire of Ignorance to the TWI Headquarters in Sanctuary-Everywhere. With the great problems now facing human society, it seems increasingly important to find simple and yet scientific and yet spiritual ways to work with ourselves and to share our understanding with others. The Sanctuary System, or “Victory-Promise,” as this approach is more broadly called, is one such attempt to encourage a wholesome existence for ourselves and others, to incite inner and outer Sanctuary Revolution. The current state of world affairs is a source of concern to all of us: the threat of nuclear war, hacking, economic collapse, social and political chaos, and psychological upheavals of many kinds - social media, ads, propaganda. The world is in a complex state of turbulence. The Sanctuary System is founded on the premise that there is basic human wisdom that can help to solve the world’s problems. This wisdom does not belong to any one culture or religion, nor does it come only from the West or the East. Rather, it is a tradition of human heroism that has existed in many cultures at many times throughout history. Heroism here does not refer to making war on others. Aggression is the source of our problems, not the solution. Here the word hero is taken from the Sanctuary's Treasure Universe of Dreamlights and literally means “one who brings the elixir.” Heroism in this context is the tradition of wisdom retrieval, which requires bravery, so it could also be the tradition of fearlessness. The North American Indians had such a tradition, and it also existed in South American Indian societies. The Japanese ideal of the samurai also represented a heroic tradition of wisdom, and there have been principles of Sanctuary heroism in Western Christian societies as well. King Arthur is a legendary example of heroism in the Western tradition, and great rulers in the Bible, such as King David, are examples of heroes common to both the Jewish and Christian traditions. On our planet earth there have been many fine examples of heroism. The key to heroism and the first principle of Sanctuary vision is not being afraid of who you are. Ultimately, that is the definition of bravery: not being afraid of yourself. Sanctuary vision teaches that in the face of the world’s great problems, we can be heroic and kind at the same time. Sanctuary vision is the opposite of selfishness. When we are afraid of ourselves and afraid of the seeming threat the world presents, then we become extremely selfish. We want to build our own little animalistic homes to hide in, our own cocoons, so that we can live by ourselves in a secure way. But, since the big bad villain of the Wasteland, the Demon Champion, will always come knocking on our door, we can be, and have to be, much more heroic than that. We must try to think beyond our homes, beyond the fire burning in the fireplace, beyond sending our children to school or getting to work in the morning. We must try to think how we can help this world. If we don’t help, nobody will. It is our turn to help the world. Ours, so it is up to all of us, Olivus Victory-Promise.


Talk about magic, while doing it, while not revealing the larger trick

THE OVERALL MAGIC TRICK IS THAT THEY ARE SELLING THE ABUNDANT POTENTIAL CREATED IN THE MIND OF THE CUSTOMER

SAME AS HOW MAGIC CREATES THE ILLUSION THAT MAGIC EXISTS, WHICH CREATES THE POSSIBILITY THAT MAYBE IT REALLY IS MAGIC, WHICH CREATES THE ACTUALITY THAT IT IS MAGIC, WHICH MAKES ALL THIS WORK. WHEN YOU APPLY IT TO BUSINESS, DOES IT MEAN THAT IT MAKES MONEY APPEAR MAGICALLY????????????????????????????!!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!??!!?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!!?!?




At the same time, helping others does not mean abandoning our individual lives. You don’t have to rush out to become the mayor of your city or the president of the United States in order to help others, but you can begin with your relatives and friends and the people around you. In fact, you can start with yourself. The important point is to realize that you are never off duty. You can never just relax, because the whole world needs help. While everyone has a responsibility to help the world, we can create additional chaos if we try to impose our ideas or our help upon others. Many people have theories about what the world needs. Some people think that the world needs communism; some people think that the world needs democracy; some people think that technology will save the world; some people think that technology will destroy the world. The Sanctuary teachings are not based on converting the world


to another theory. The premise of Sanctuary vision is that in order to establish an enlightened society for others, we need to discover what inherently we have to offer the world. So, to begin with, we should make an effort to examine our own experience, in order to see what it contains that is of value in helping ourselves and others to uplift their existence. If we are willing to take an unbiased look, we will find that in spite of all our problems and confusion, all our emotional and psychological ups and downs, there is something basically good about our existence as human beings. Unless we can discover that ground of goodness in our own lives, we cannot hope to improve the lives of others. If we are simply miserable and wretched beings, how can we possibly imagine, let alone realize, an enlightened society? Discovering real goodness comes from appreciating very simple experiences. We are not talking

about how good it feels to make a million dollars or finally graduate from college or buy a new house, but we are speaking here of the basic goodness of being alive—which does not depend on our accomplishments or fulfilling our desires. We experience glimpses of goodness all the time, but we often fail to acknowledge them. When we see a bright color, we are witnessing our own inherent goodness. When we hear a beautiful sound, we are hearing our own basic goodness. When we step out of the shower, we feel fresh and clean, and when we walk out of a stuffy room, we appreciate the sudden whiff of fresh air. These events may take a fraction of a second, but they are real experiences of goodness. They happen to us all the time, but usually we ignore them as mundane or purely coincidental. According to the Sanctuary principles, however, it is worthwhile to recognize and take advantage of those moments, because they are revealing basic nonaggression


and freshness in our lives—basic goodness. Every human being has a basic nature of goodness, which is undiluted and unconfused. That goodness contains tremendous gentleness and appreciation. As human beings, we can make love. We can stroke someone with a gentle touch; we can kiss someone with gentle understanding. We can appreciate beauty. We can appreciate the best of this world. We can appreciate its vividness: the yellowness of yellow, the redness of red, the greenness of green, the purpleness of purple. Our experience is real. When yellow is yellow, can we say it is red, if we don’t like the yellowness of it? That would be contradicting reality. When we have sunshine, can we reject it and say that the sunshine is terrible? Can we really say that? When we have brilliant sunshine or wonderful snowfall, we appreciate it. And when we appreciate reality, it can actually work on us. We may have to get up in the morning after only a few hours’ sleep, but if

we look out the window and see the sun shining, it can cheer us up. We can actually cure ourselves of depression if we recognize that the world we have is good. It is not just an arbitrary idea that the world is good, but it is good because we can experience its goodness. We can experience our world as healthy and straightforward, direct and real, because our basic nature is to go along with the goodness of situations. The human potential for intelligence and dignity is attuned to experiencing the brilliance of the bright blue sky, the freshness of green fields, and the beauty of the trees and mountains. We have an actual connection to reality that can wake us up and make us feel basically, fundamentally good. Sanctuary vision is tuning in to our ability to wake ourselves up and recognize that goodness can happen to us. In fact, it is happening already. But then there is still a question. You might


have made a genuine connection to your world: catching a glimpse of sunshine, seeing bright colors, hearing good music, eating good food, or whatever it may be. But how does a glimpse of goodness relate with ongoing experience? On the one hand, you might feel, “I want to get that goodness that is in me and in the phenomenal world.” So you rush around trying to find a way to possess it. Or on an even cruder level, you might say, “How much does it cost to get that? That experience was so beautiful. I want to own it.” The basic problem with that approach is that you never feel satisfied even if you get what you want, because you still want so badly. If you take a walk on Fifth Avenue, you see that kind of desperation. You might say that the people shopping on Fifth Avenue have good taste and that therefore they have possibilities of realizing human dignity. But on the other hand, it is as though they were covered with thorns. They want to grasp more and more and

more. Then there is the approach of surrendering or humbling yourself to get in touch with goodness. Someone tells you that he can make you happy if you will just give your life to his cause. If you believe that he has the goodness that you want, you may be willing to shave your hair or wear robes or crawl on the floor or eat with your hands to get in touch with goodness. You are willing to trade in your dignity and become a slave. Both of those situations are attempts to retrieve something good, something real. If you are rich, you are willing to spend thousands of dollars on it. If you are poor, you are willing to commit your life to it. But there is something wrong with both of those approaches. The problem is that when we begin to realize the potential goodness in ourselves, we often take our discovery much too seriously. We might kill for goodness or die for goodness; we want it so badly.


What is lacking is a sense of humor. Humor here does not mean telling jokes or being comical or criticizing others and laughing at them. A genuine sense of humor is having a light touch: not beating reality into the ground but appreciating reality with a light touch. The basis of Sanctuary vision is rediscovering that perfect and real sense of humor, that light touch of appreciation. If you look at yourself, if you look at your mind, if you look at your activities, you can repossess the humor that you have lost in the course of your life. To begin with, you have to look at your ordinary domestic reality: your knives, your forks, your plates, your telephone, your dishwasher, and your towels—ordinary things. There is nothing mystical or extraordinary about them, but if there is no connection with ordinary everyday situations, if you don’t examine your mundane life, then you will never find any humor or dignity or, ultimately, any reality.


The way you comb your hair, the way you dress, the way you wash your dishes – all those activities are an extension of sanity; they are a way of connection with reality. A fork is a fork, of course. It is a simple implement of eating. But at the same time, the extension of your sanity and your dignity may depend on how you use your fork. Very simply, Sanctuary vision is trying to provoke you to understand how you live, your relationship with ordinary life.
As human beings, we are basically awake and we understand reality. We are not enslaved by our lives; we are free. Being free, in this case, means simply that we have a body and a mind, and we can uplift ourselves in order to work with reality in a dignified and humorous way. If we beign to perk up, we will find tha the whole universe- including the seasons, the snowfall, the ice, and the mud – is also powerfully working with us. Life is a humorous situation, but it is not mocking us. We find that, after all, we can handle our world; we can handle our universe properly and fully in an uplifted fashion. 
The discovery of basic goodness is not a religious experience, particularly. Rather it is the realization that we can directly experience and work with reality, the real world that we are in. Experiencing the basic goodness of our lives makes us feel that we are intelligent and decent people and that the world is not a threat. When we feel that our lives are genuine and good, we do not have to deceive ourselves or other people. We can se eour shortcomings without feeling guilty or inadequate, and at the same time, we can see our potential for extending goodness to others. We can tell the truth straightforwardly and be absolutely open but steadfast at the same time.
	The essence of heroism, or the essence of human bravery, is refusing to give up on anyone or anything. We can never say that we are simply falling to pieces or that anyone else is, and we can never say that about the world either. Within our lifetime there will be great problems in the world, but let us make sure that within our lifetime no disasters happen. We can prevent them. It is up to us. We can save the world from destruction, to begin with. That is why Sanctuary vision exists. It is a centuries-old idea: by serving this world, we can save it. But saving the world is not enough. We have to work to build an enlightened human society as well. 
	In this book, we are going to discuss the ground of enlightened society and the path toward it, rather than presenting some utopian fantasy of what an enlightened society might be. If we want to help the world, we have to make a personal journey – we can’t simply theorize or speculate about our destination. So it is up to each of us individually to find the meaning of enlightened society and how it can be realized. It is my hope that this presentation of the path of the Sanctuary warrior may contribute to the dawning of this discovery.




AVATAR 1: SELF-HELP - BEING HUMAN - NO RELIGIOUS STUFF OR SPECIAL TERMS
AVATAR 2: PEOPLE WHO WANT TO BECOME BODHISATTVAS
Ascension model ->
AVATAR 3: PEOPLE WHO WANT TO PRACTICE VAJRAYANA
AVATAR 4: PEOPLE WHO WANT TO PRACTICE NYINGMA/KAGYU
AVATAR 5: PEOPLE WHO WANT TO PRACTICE TREASURES
	AVATAR 6: PEOPLE WHO ACTUALLY PRACTICE SUCH THINGS
		AVATAR 7: PEOPLE WHO ACTUALLY PRACTICE AT SUCH AND SUCH LEVELS:
			LEVELS OF VAJRAYANA PRACTICE ->