Victory-Promise

My understanding of the meaning of the Victory-Promise, or more precisely, how to “keep the victory-promise” is: to never leave anyone behind. That is, said simply enough but in reality requires a ceaseless offering of energy, time, and attention if I really think about it… apply it… keep it. Maybe, “never leave anyone behind” rephrased in the affirmative is something like, “always find our way forward” or “illuminate every path” but this exercise doesn’t work, because there’s an infinite number of ways you would need to state it as such.


Intentions and Aspirations

I want to become physically very strong. I act strong, which helps some people, and I am strong compared to many people I know because I am so much bigger than everyone around me, but this only reveals to me how truly far away I am from my actual potential.

I want to cultivate less reactive mechanisms for emotional regulation and psychic recuperation. The “reaction” I have relied on in my life so far is to, in one way or another, create a great deal of distance between myself and others (regardless of how close I am to them, or whether or not they have anything to do with the stress I’m experiencing). This can work, but is not optimal for several reasons, mainly being that it usually results in a huge waste of my time while also running a much higher risk of breaking promises to people that I love. I know that part of the path towards something better, will be to learn about how to ask for real help from others, much more than I ever have before; which itself will require much more effort from me to actually and actively express a huge range of internal states in my everyday experience that I have normally left/kept unspoken.

One of my primary reasons for joining the Sanctuary Revolution program is very simply to establish a daily practice. And I just mean that generally, to do something that I am committing to do everyday. Although it’s not that simple. I personally feel like I have had a lot of difficulty establishing routines in my own life. And while I can certainly view myself as someone who “thrives in a flexible environment” I also see quite clearly how I hinder myself with irregularity all the time. And even talking about it like this adds another layer of weird reflection for me, since it seems to me all the time that most people DO have a lot of things that they are committed to everyday, and that they are more or less able to accomplish them with regularity from day to day and week to week… And I think to myself that someone else, looking at me, might wonder why I, Wesley, don’t just start a routine, or whatever, or maybe wonder why I CAN’T. There are no other people looking, and of course it’s also dangerously silly to talk about “most” people doing anything, any way. But these are how my insecurities well up regarding this meta-aspect of how I structure the events and activities of my life. Though upon even further reflection I can also see how I have in fact spent most of my adult life gravitating VERY strongly towards commitment (and habit), in a certain way… Evidenced primarily by my interest in academics (the 7.5 years of college and grad school. But also before that.), my consistently long and steady romantic relationships (3 women times 4 years each), and my ever growing collection of smaller obsessions with learning all sorts of inconsequential things through as many sources of media as I can get ahold of (I have learned something new about science or technology, or about the life of someone I have a parasocial relationship with, every single day since I was a teenager… and it might kind of look like just an entertainment habit, and I’m not saying it isn’t, but it is also really a part of some precise emotional clockwork I’ve set up for myself.) 
So anyway, I’m really excited to start the program because I think I will really benefit from the environment of daily dedication. And because of my conflicting relationship to that sort of thing in general, I also have the specific intention to explore this within myself, in so far as how it is exactly that I simultaneously reject and attach to commitment, dedication, and daily routine (ritual/practice).

