According to priority not according to project!

Compounding Scheduling Convention: 

SubTask Priority -< most complete * shortest time * most necessary * highest value
Task priority - longest time * most necessary * highest value
Project Priority - shortest time * most necessary * highest value
Roadmap - shortest time * most value
= Calendar
Highest value = top 20% 
COMMENT: (how is the value assessed? By who? %of what)
Most necessary = test growth hypothesis 
Core=loop🔄^(Build)^(Measure)^(Learn) 


PROJECT: Ribcage Solutions

TASK: All UPM contacts acquired
ST: Finish extracting names and dates from imdbpro
ST: Call DGA to acquire all emails and numbers based on names

GOAL: Ribcage UPM outreach email written. Book a demo funnel (or call)
	TASK: Design email funnel
		ST: Write email copy
NOTE: emphasize MBS partnership. 
ST: setup booking link, and gcal
	TASK: write follow up email copy for non-responders
		ST: define protocol for when to send, and automate
	TASK: write follow up phone call script for non-responders
		ST: define protocol for when to call, and automate reminder
	TASK: write follow up “thank you and confirmation” email for new bookings
		ST: define protocol for when to send, and automate
	TASK: write confirmation phone call script for upcoming bookings
		ST: define protocol for when to call, and automate reminder

TASK: Revise ribcage installation instructions
	ST: Update current instructions to reflect latest kit design
	ST: Add a “de-installation” instruction step
	ST: Polish instruction set based on industry examples
	ST: Host online

GOAL: Ribcage Demos, Fully Prepared
	TASK: create 2-person demo strategy SOP
		ST: Define “demo funnel” structure end to end 
NOTE: (info provided)+(overcomes planned for)+(“Action” for conversion)
ST: write script outline… who says, what, when, why, how
ST: pre-optimize: practice > revise > get private feedback > revise > finalize
		ST: write “demo strategy” as an SOP - INCLUDE THE NOTED ASPECTS
			NOTE: Sales strategy + script
			NOTE: accommodation params: coffee, donuts, printed materials, etc..
			NOTE: demo product params: 1 demo kit (set up), 1 display kit (in box)
	TASK: post-demo nurture
		ST: write post-demo nurture thank you email
		ST: define protocol for when to send, and automate
		ST: write recurring awareness reminder nurture email for “hot leads” (post-demo, or post-conversion)
		ST: define protocol for when to send, and automate 

GOAL: All UPMs contacted
	SUPERTASK: A/B test email and scripts, BML iterate “book a demo” email funnel optimization 
TASK: Mass outreach via email to all (or just some) contacts with “book a demo” funnel 
TASK: Follow up with all non-responders via email and phone call
TASK: Follow up with all booked, with thank you and confirmation via email and phone

GOAL: Do all ribcage demos at MBS - phase 1 (includes contact acquired in previous goal)
	SUPERTASK: Do booked demos - follow SOP
ST: Do “over the phone” information-demo if requested
		ST: (recurring) BML iterative optimization on the Demo Strategy SOP
ST: (recurring) store/update contacts in the CRM
ST: post demo nurture, thank you, and seasonal reminders, automated

	
PROJECT: Mentorus.ai

GOAL: MoziNation Pitch-Launch - Capture Alex and Layla in MoziNation prompt private “gift-funnel” that = mentorus.ai soft-pitch-launch (4 weeks)
	TASK: craft outreach copy based on strategy
		NOTE: 
Send a thank you note to Alex and Layla for their work and inspiration, include link to a free thing = “private gift funnel”. Send directly to acquisition.com 
If they return a no!
We return “did you see free thing?”
exception that they will not have seen it, since DQ’d by their funnel, and we will be escalated up after they open thing and check out demo.
TASK: Build private gift-funnel - “thispromptwillmakealexandlayla30million.com” - use template
	ST: Pitch funnel copy/content
		NOTE: make it about how this is the play that acquisition.com/alex&layla need to make to actually concatenate and elevate their entire operation to the next level. He will need access to higher level startups to be able to play the higher level game. And we are a higher level startup, that is actually just starting… We don’t have funding
We have tech that is ready to release
We sent in a request to aq.com but you wont; see it
So we just want to give you our free gift, but showing you this FIRST
You will be able to mae= abunch of money with an emergent technology using your own skillset
		NOTE: also At the funnel URL we will frame all the copy around how well aligned mentorus.ai is with acquisition.com and with alex&layla, because they need more code, ai specifically, but not just anything, something that is really about helping people in the same way that they help people. And that will include Layla and Alex equally, not just targeted at Alex.
	ST: make and include written content about ontological aware business AI’s
		NOTE: explain AIsaac as an MVP
	ST: make Funnel section to opt-in for the free gift.
		NOTE: CONTENT - Copy about MoziNation prompt, 
		NOTE: OPT IN BUTTON - CTA: chat with mozination!
		NOTE: POPUP - give us your email to chat with mozination lead capture
		NOTE: after submit, direct to MoziNation chat interface page
	ST: MoziNation demo chat interface page
		ST: Host MoziNation demo chat interface
		ST: Add button - CTA: “BOOK A CALL”
			NOTE: “HEY Alex and Layla, want to get the prompt, for FREE?...”
	ST: make Book a Call page
		NOTE: after booking is made, link to → mentorus.ai mainpage
TASK: Try to reach out to Mozi team before talking to Josiah…
NOTE: say we are ignorant about hiring sales people. Ask for help.
		

GOAL: Setup MVP of influencer-targeted “book a call” funnel for mentorus.ai
	TASK: Flow Content and Copy into opt-in-page - use template
		ST: Write copy
		ST: populate assets and link page
			NOTE: “opt-in” button link to lead capture popup
		ST: lead capture popup
			NOTE: submit button – link to video page
			NOTE: lead receives link in email to a private demo chat interface (or maybe it is on the next page)
	TASK: Design and Implement lead nurture protocol, and automate
		ST: write lead nurture email sequence funnel for “opt-ins” who do not “book a call”
		ST: Write lead nurture thank you and confirmation email sequence for “new booking”
		ST: Write lead nurture email sequence for post-call un-closed leads
		ST: Automate all flows
	TASK: make Video MVP
NOTE: “This is me using the Abundant Motivation Coach I modeled after Mozination.”
NOTE: Content - NURTURE
Questions about abundant exchange
How to sell
What’s the secret to selling like doing a magic trick?
	TASK: Add content to video page
		NOTE: CONTENT - Video
		NOTE: BUTTON - CTA: Book a Call 
	TASK: add copy to book a call page

GOAL: MVP of Mentorus main website
	TASK: make landing page - use template
		ST: select assets
		ST: write landing page copy/conent
			NOTE: “Hey! Have you ever wanted to learn about….” [insert:]
				[how Alex Hormozi crafts a sales script with CLOSER]
				[how ali abdal writes a productivity video]
				[how Mr. Beast…
		ST: add Video MVP = same as funnel video of Abundant Motivation Coach
		ST: opt-in/lead capture popup “free sign up/give us your email to use private chat demo”
	TASK: lead nurture automated (same as for funnel)


GOAL: Working and usable MoziNation prompt complete
	TASK: Define mozination functionality, and spec
	TASK: setup mozination interface and backend
		NOTE: could include - bizzi, bubble, streamlit, flowise, pinecone…
	SUPERTASK: Dev MVP of prompt
		ST: BML iterate with private test users


PROJECT: TWI.World
GOAL: Make TWI.world website MVP
TASK: Make Landing page - use template
	ST: write copy/content
		NOTE: CONTENT: The world incorporated - mission statement, history, vision
	ST: lead capture form
	ST: select assets
TASK: make About us section
ST: wisdom intent section
ST: followed by explanation of: victory-promise
ST: Followed by Wesley and Isaac BIOS, and founders section
NOTE: ribcage mentioned in bios but no link in companies
TASK: make “Our companies” section
ST: Thinkmine subsection
	NOTE: SUBSUBTASK: round up all of the “good” MVP prompts
NOTE: CONTENT - about all of the MVP PROMPTS
NOTE: CONTENT - about Crystal Ball
ST: Link to sanctuary.nexus (which also includes TWI.world in it’s subprojects)
NOTE: sublink to - sanctuary revolution
NOTE: sublink to - sanctuary journey academy
	NOTE: sublink to - sanctuary institute, sanctuary foundation. Sanctuary research institute. Owns the research.

PROJECTS: Sanctuary.nexus 
GOAL: Sanctuary.nexus website MVP
TASK: make Landing page - use template
		ST: write Mission, framework, vision statements 
NOTE: align structure and scope with examples: GATO and LUMINA
	ST: “Get involved” section
			NOTE: link to discord
		NOTE: lead capture emails with “signup to newsletter for updates”
TASK: make PROJECTS page with SECTIONS
ST: TWI.World SECTION → link to TWI.world
	SST: Write content about relationship between entities
ST: Sanctuary Journey Academy SECTION
	SST: write copy
	SST: BUTTON link to → SJA PAGE
ST: Sanctuary Revolution SECTION
	SST: write copy
	SST: BUTTON link to → SancRev PAGE
ST: Sanctuary Research Institute SECTION ONLY
SST: Write CONTENT - info about what we do to catalog the holographic information space to generate data that we use to optimize workflows which we then implement and share for everyone’s benefit… “want to work with us →” join discord
TASK: Sanctuary journey academy MVP section/PAGE
ST: Write content
NOTE: CONTENT: Free System Overview→ link to signup for details (lead cap)
ST: prompt-protected demo access to OVP chat interface
ST: Write copy “start your sanc journey”
NOTE: BUTTON link to → SURVEY PAGE→sort traffic to “In depth challenge” PAGES x3
ST: make Inner Journey PAGE - 1
NOTE: CONTENT: Paid challenge copy→ link to buy
ST: make Outer Journey PAGE - 2
NOTE: CONTENT: Paid challenge copy→ link to buy
ST: Omnisanc engineer 
			NOTE: CONTENT: Paid challenge copy → link to buy
NOTE: CONTENT: Private group copy → link to signup
NOTE: CONTENT: Mentorship by application → link to form
TASK: Sanctuary revolution MVP PAGE
ST: Write Content: “Sanctuary revolution the game”
ST: Include download link for Gno.sys prompt
ST: Write short content about gnosys prompt
	ST: include additional gnosysi content preview
NOTE: include 2 isaac+gno.sys shared chat examples, as VIDEO OR LINKS
NOTE: CTA: “want to get access to more archives? Join discord!” →link to disc.
NOTE: CTA: “ start your sanctuary journey” link to → SJA - inner challenge

GOAL: Discord Community Fully setup
	SUPERTASK: evaluate and revise discord structure, pages, access, and content
		ST: start by using model examples: GATO, STUNSPOT, LUMINA
		ST: determine measurables, and define key metrics, automate data capture.
		ST: BML iterate to optimize all possible aspects
TASK: Setup Chatbots
	ST: plan for which kind of bots we need and where (copy stun, copy gato’s shappie)
	ST: write prompts discord bot personas
	ST: implement bots and test
TASK: setup Member roles
	ST: plan member role hierarchy, naming, and access levels
	ST: setup page permissions/locked channels to accord with roles
TASK: setup Content funnel
	ST: decorate with AI art
ST: make “docs” section
	SST: determine docs to share, then post
ST: make HoloInfoArchives (prompts) section
			NOTE: CONTENT - prompts .txt files = gnosys, etc…
ST: make section: HoloInfoArchives (Chapters of VICTORY-EVERYTHING SANCTUARY-EVERYWHERE)
NOTE: CONTENT - share chat logs between Isaac and gnosys, OVP, etc…
ST: make Q&A section
ST: make FAQ section
	SST: write at least 5 FAQ’s

PROJECT: Olivus Victory-Promise Youtube channel
GOAL: Release next video… (maybe remove last one)
TASK: Develop content strategy/journey and video format template
NOTE: Based on how David Shapiro presented himself and his ideas/inventions in his own YT channel
	ST: Watch and Analyze David Shapiro youtube channel videos and historical arc
ST: extract structure and properties, i.e. knowledge graph
	ST: write strategy and template based findings
	TASK: Outline main content points for video - use template
		NOTE: general notes
What have I been up to… and why you care, cause it is a surprising story
What am i doing now… why do you care, cause i made it to benefit you
What is it all about… and why do you care, cause it has all these aspects that are good
Preview of what is to come on this channel… stick around because there is a lot to explain!
How can you relate to all of this.. Get involved here → to outro
	TASK: Create reusable outro section
		ST: Write outro
			NOTE: don’t forget to like and subscribe, and check out all the shit we are doing
		ST: record outro
	TASK: Create standard thumbnail templates (will be iterated over time)
	TASK: generate a content calendar for weekly/bi-weekly OVP releases for 3 months
		ST: use david shapiro strategy/journey, generalized, and then specified for “TWI talks about all their projects and what they have done and are doing right now to complete them!”
		ST: Generate list of video topics, with subtopics. With priority order which allows them to be scheduled on the content calendar.
		ST: re-factor video production engine to accommodate the requirements of each release in content calendar.
	SUPERTASK: iterate both the proposed “content calendar” AND the “video production engine”
		ST: Use vidIQ and audience feedback to optimize scope and structure of Content Calendar 
		ST: Use data captured from TWI productivity system to optimize “video production engine”

PROJECT: Bizzi
GOAL: setup and template automated Ai generated lead nurture, integrated flows. For resale value!
	TASK: Setup bizziBOT for getbizzi.app, ON getbizzi.app
		ST: clean site info data
		ST: train bot on site info data, and test
		ST: input custom responses/workflows, including: preset answers, and lead gen forms
	TASK: build AI generated email, lead nurture “flows”,
NOTE: includes - SEND custom user data through API integration that can receive response from GPT-4 and RETURN an custom AI generated lead nurture email, to then APPEND that email to the “user/lead” in the CRM, and then TRIGGER another stage of the “flow” to SEND that email to the “user/lead”. 
NOTE: The AI generated email will be made by taking the “user/lead” data including name, sub-avatar ID, position in funnel = stage of customer experience journey = all data about previous engagement with business, the specific action that triggered the flow, and all other provided “user/lead” information (captured via form or bizziBOT), and sending it all through a series of API requests to and instance of GPT-4 injected with a “lead nurture email copy writing persona” that is primed to receive this data and has a template for doing exactly this task. The returned email is then associated with the user/lead who’s specific action (lead capture form submission, opt-in submission, interaction with nurture chatbot on webpage, abandoned cart, free trial start, etc..) triggered the lead nurture email generation flow in the first place. At that point the email can then be loaded in from the database associated with that user, and sent in an automated email flow, based on some specific amount if time having passed after that same initial trigger event.
		ST: Research best chain of integrations and API calls to use to achieve specification
		ST: implement flow set for bizzi
		ST: templatize flows and make part of a “blueprint”

GOAL: craft and market offer for “bizzi + Cross-Pollinatrix”
	SUPERTASK: Final build Cross-pollinatrix V1 MVP prompt
		ST: implement required updates
		ST: private user testing
		ST: dev cycle v1.1
		ST BML iterate to optimize
	TASK: Build offer for bizzi+CP
		NOTE: this is done by using Cross-Pollinatrix. This process is recorded and turned into content that is used to actually promote the offer.
		ST: record and prompting with CP to go from a basic idea (i have/want X business/product/service) all the way to fully crafted grand slam offer strategy (products or services, value build sequence, targeted avatars), with some set of basic/metaphorical implementation plans to go and “implement your funnel” and “make and run your ads”
	TASK: actually build the entire bizzi+CP Funnel, copy, ad set, and optimization plan… using AI
		NOTE: this is done with a FULL suite of “guys”, and while the content may be recorded and used to promote a deeper upsell or membership to ascended community, the actual prompts will NOT be shown because they are private, and ONLY cross-pollinatrix is being given away for free as the lead magnet for the entire bizzi funnel.
	SUPERTASK: run campaign to sell offer and CRO with BML
