Want to stop production delays due to lightning? 
Want full benefit from new industry-wide lightning protection procedures? 
Ribcage Solutions is now providing full-service lightning protection for film and TV production!

Hi (name),

My name is Isaac Wostrel-Rubin and I’m reaching out to you today to introduce the company I co-founded, Ribcage Solutions, and our new lightning protection service for productions. As upcoming CSATF bulletin revisions bring industry-wide changes to lightning protection procedures on set, we want to make sure productions are able to make full use of these revised procedures and the freedoms they provide (more below). As a new vendor in the space, we encourage producers and studios to reach out to us directly to discuss the needs of each production and production region and how we might best be able to help.

Upcoming CSATF Inclement Weather bulletin changes will allow productions to continue working indoors during lightning storms *if* they have adequate lightning protection on any connected generators. This means increased workplace safety, decreased delays, and potentially a lot of savings. Unfortunately, adding lightning protection means welding parts to and destroying generators, resulting in COSTLY L&Ds for productions, negating those savings! 

Our innovative, new lightning protection service for productions centered around our patent-pending ARCANGEL™ lightning protection kit, provides the highest level of lightning protection and DOES NOT L&D WHAT IT PROTECTS. All of our lightning protection systems are designed, installed, and subsequently inspected according to LPI-175 and NFPA-780, the same regulatory basis of the CSATF bulletin. Our lightning protection systems are the fastest, easiest, and cheapest way to ensure a generator meets the CSATF requirements to continue working!

 	We provide any type of lightning protection services your production might need, for every type of budget: from all-in-one lightning protection service including design, installation, and inspection to a-la-carte lightning protection kit rentals. 

Call our office or email me directly to discuss how we can help make your productions safer and prevent lightning delays with custom lightning protection systems! 

470-600-CAGE (2243)
isaac@ribcagesolutions.com 





Rework considering the following:

Negotiation 


Get party to reveal interest by telling you what they don’t want (ie make them say “no”) 

Make them reveal interest by telling you “that’s right”

Give them an epiphany that helps them accomplish their interest

Sell them more epiphanies (solutions to the problems that affect their interests)