Shambhala Meditation: Proclaiming Basic Goodness
with Sakyong Mipham Rinpoche (Shambhala Online recorded program)


Dates are: 

Orange County: March 5
Westside: March 19
Eagle Rock: April 2


Date:  
Location:

9:00 am to 5 pm

Cost: $85

Program open to all!

Please join the Sakyong, Acharya Noel McLellan, and host Acharya Daniel Hessey as we explore and connect with our own humanity.  Proclaiming Basic Goodness through the simple and profound Shambhala Meditation practice can be a powerful antidote to the aggression and suffering of our times.

In this program, Sakyong Mipham Rinpoche offers the transmission for Shambhala Meditation and permission to practice it.  Through Shambhala Meditation, we learn to embody wisdom and compassion, bearing witness to the display of worldly phenomena while tuning into our open hearts.  

If you would like to attend but the cost of the program is an obstacle, please register and indicate in the Comment section that you would like someone to contact you.

About the Sakyong

The Sakyong, literally translated as “earth protector,” is a dharma king and lineage holder of the Shambhala lineage, guiding thousands of students around the world in the path of meditation.
The Sakyong’s teachings show us how to use everyday life as a means to ripen our spiritual potential. We practice turning the mind toward others as a discipline that creates confidence and compassion — the ability to attain success that occurs from acting virtuously.
Born in Bodhgaya, India, in 1962, the Sakyong is the eldest son of Chögyam Trungpa Rinpoche and Lady Könchok Palden. He is the incarnation of Mipham the Great, a renowned Nyingma scholar and meditation master. As part of the Mukpo clan of eastern Tibet, he is a descendant of the Tibetan warrior-king Gesar of Ling.
The Sakyong is also an avid runner who has completed nine marathons. He is author of the bestselling Turning the Mind into an Ally, the award-winning Ruling Your World, and Running with the Mind of Meditation. Through the Sakyong Foundation, he engages in supporting organizations and projects whose activities exemplify the vision of Shambhala. He teaches all over the world, using his unique blend of Eastern and Western perspectives to the benefit of his students in North and South America, Europe, and Asia.

Acharya Noel McLellan is a second-generation Shambhala practitioner, who was raised in the culture that was emerging around Chögyam Trungpa Rinpoche and his students. 
 At 16 Noel attended Warrior’s Assembly, where he first met Sakyong Mipham Rinpoche. After high school he attended the first three-month Seminary led by the Sakyong. He completed a degree in Religious Studies from Colorado University, and after that was asked to become a kusung, attendant to the Sakyong. He traveled with the Sakyong in this capacity for 18 months in North America, Europe and India. Noel later held several other posts in the Dorje Kasung.
Noel lives in Halifax, Nova Scotia with his wife Marguerite Drescher and their two ferocious young children, Gabriel and Esmé.  He teaches at the Shambhala School, helping to develop a transformative approach to education.  He oversees training for young Shambhala teachers and leaders in social transformation, and is a mentor to the Ziji Collective which is dedicated to exploring the confluence of contemporary society and Shambhala principles.  Noel’s writings on education, culture and Shambhala are available at broken leaf. 
