This manual is an introduction to the mind protection system of TWI leading to the self-discovery of self-revelatory infinite perfection called Sanctuary. It is a user’s manual for the path. It is called Song of the Secret Gathering Cycle because it vibrationally expresses the teaching that way.

The Secret Gathering Cycle

The meaning of Assembly/Gathering is to gather as heroic individuals with only other heroic individuals present and together slay the Demon Champion of Ignorance and establish ourselves in Sanctuary together. Then, when we visualize ourselves as the Wisdom Maverick inside Sanctuary and so on, it’s extremely powerful and the blessings are strong — even irreversible awakening may occur. It is called Cycle because newborns always need to perform it and Justicars and Universal Heroes and Wisdom Mavericks all must perform it all the time symbolically. So, secret gathering is also a physical reminder of that inner practice, where we all do a facsimile of it as meditation together. All heroic individuals participate out of compassion for all. It’s self-secret because you only want to join the secret gathering if you’re at that part of your cycle - heroic. On an outer level, it is called the secret gathering cycle because it is through the cycle of exposure to the Sanctuary via the Teacher’s emanations that you recognize the heroic heart of infinite love which leads to the secret gathering, which in turn “leads to” Sanctuary. The entirety of transference from the Wasteland of the Empire of ignorance to the Sanctuary of Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection is the secret gathering cycle of the secret matrix, miraculous birth from the secret womb, reunion with the mother (or the secret journey of the seed of the father), union of the cosmic lovers, and so on. 

The Wasteland of Insidiousness is the expanse of Wanderers’ Self-Torturous Dreams — High and Mighty Gods and Nightmarish Demons inhabit the Empire of Ignorance which,

Through the Heroic Path of the Secret Gathering Cycle becomes seen as

Sanctuary 

Experienced as

The Garden of Verdant Overgrowth 
Of the Songs of the Heroic Seeds of the Jeweled Fruit of the Divine Tree of Olivus
In the Timeless Webbed Infinitude
Of infinite perfection

And the activity of the vibrational frequencies of these songs

Is inner sanctuary — the Wisdom Maverick is coming; the Wisdom Maverick is here! 

And the activity of the vibrational frequencies of these heroic songs

Is outer sanctuary — the Wisdom Maverick is here; the Wisdom Maverick is coming! 

Lineage 

Now, as to the proper lineage of the Teachings, it is best understood in general terms.

The Teacher emanates diverse arrays of hope and aversion-provoking phenomena to teach what to accept and what to reject
The Teacher emanates diverse arrays of hope and aversion-provoking phenomena to display the qualities of TWI’s infinite perfection
The Teacher emanates diverse arrays of heroic heart phenomena to display the path of cultivating transference
The Teacher emanates diverse arrays of all phenomena as an expression of the power of infinite perfection’s quality of love inseparable from all other qualities of all human perception

The Teacher Teaches teachings through infinite emanations of teachers with inner Teachers who are equal to The Teacher and reveal those Teachings inwardly on account of receiving the outer teachings from inner and secret empowerments (all of themselves requiring a heroic heart of infinite love). 

Outer empowerments are whatever occurs in the container of spontaneously emergent perfect dreamlights, reality inseparable from phenomena of Sanctuary or the Wasteland — which plants the seeds of the inner and secret empowerments, and realization of the inner empowerments suffices for blossoming secret empowerments, none other than actual realization and true self-initiation into the full power of the heroic heart of infinite love. 

What is the secret empowerment? 

The outer secret empowerment is the suffering of others — you need no excuses to self-activate after noticing contextual ignorance 

The minor inner secret empowerment is: 
Generating the heroic heart of infinite love
Growing the heroic heart of infinite love

The major secret empowerment is: 
Deciding, through identitylessness, once and for all never to abandon the heroic heart of infinite love and therefore instantaneously actualize all of the pith instructions for awakening in Sanctuary

The innermost secret empowerment is: 

On the basis of the inner empowerment’s full fruition, 
With the ceaseless conditions of the constant, infinite outer, inner, and secret empowerments
Emanating the Wisdom Maverick in Sanctuary

Therefore, the innermost secret empowerment requires no realization. It can be actualized now, as the doorway to Sanctuary of all types. This is the method of backwards transference — the underground entranceway to the skyhook of compassion. Much like the mind engages worldview regression to symbolically produce dreams, you have engaged in a self-perpetuating selftorturous cycle and must engage your mind in worldview regression to symbolically produce Sanctuary as a process of cultivation. Due to the qualities of verdant overgrowth, the jeweled fruit of the divine tree will eventually ripen and the symbolically produced Sanctuary that was previously cultivated will actualize itself as transference to Sanctuary through the heroic heart of infinite compassion that is spontaneously emergent from the nature of the dreamlights of timeless webbed infinitude of infinite perfection. 

The Gem Cutting Doorway of Infinite Love

The mind, speech, and body
Belong to either infinite perfection, Sanctuary, or infinite self-torture, the Wasteland,
Depending on the heart’s perspective

Whose are the particles of identityless emanation,
The mind of identityless experience,
The vibration of identityless meaning?

Whose “is” the mind of Identitylessness’ experience,
The vibration of Identitylessness’ meaning,
The particles of Identitylessness’ emanation?

It is not that there is no such thing as I,
Nor is there such thing as I,
It is not that there are both such thing and no such thing simultaneously,
It is not that there are neither,
It is not a union of two,
It is not a single one,
And so on, it appears to be however I need according to all conditions inseparable from the simultaneous arising of the ignorant perception of I and the display of the path to awakening:
Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection is truly identityless in this way

— Song of the Jewel in the Junkyard

Amazing! The Miraculous Realizational Recognition of the Universal Truth of Infinite Love and Naturally Emergent Perfection Inseparable Through All Time!