There is no one system or way to describe them other than that they are Teachings of Human Spirituality about ultimate good, justice, happiness and love realized by consciousnesses themselves for universal benefit. 

Each system is crafted specifically for a certain culture, since humans tend to use culture to understand everything. They use projections of others as examples for themselves and simulate these tests in dreams and bring the simulations to reality while waking. 

To awaken is simply to be the projector or tinkerer of the consciousness and the simulator that experiences it at the same time. Humans tend to trick themselves into believing they already are both automatically, but rather they have the seed to become the conscious tinkerer. 

When one awakens to human reality and knows goodness and justice, it is understood that the most good, most just version of humanity works in concentric circles from inside to the entirety of humanity: 

Being
Love
Intuition/power
Tinkerer
Simulator
Demonic
Awakening
Awake
Society
Demonic society
Godly society
Enlightened society

So we recognize that to have a godly society that is also an enlightened society would be best, but alas is also impossible because in each moment demons and gods are born and not always born in the sanctuary realm of the wisdom maverick. Even in the sanctuary realm, if we don’t continue to realize the inner Sanctuary, the outer sanctuary realm will collapse. 

Knowing this, awakened beings spontaneously emanate (as a reflection of their own experience) a system that: 

Has an ultimately Identityless king hero that is the earthly embodiment of the celestial
Unified with an ultimately Identityless supreme celestial source of the earthly
Propitiated by ultimately Identityless rituals 
Through laws of societal activity that promote interpersonal love and goodwill that support the ritual system and ban outright any forms of hate, ill will, or destruction of the ritual system. 
As a result of properly planting the seeds of goodness/royalty, 10 stages of understanding the civilization’s worldview arise concentrically around The Truth
Which allow for the continued operation of the system that produces awakened beings in two ways: 
Those who realize the system while living inside of it as an expression of heroic love
Those who realize the system when the symbolism reveals itself as their nature in their death journey

Essentially, it’s always a system for creating a vehicle for humanity to experience ultimate love and goodness in the form of a just civilization where they can learn the meaning of being themselves, life, and enjoy each others’ experiences, and have children who can also have that experience, and so on. 

How is this accomplished? 

Cultivation of Awakening refers to melatonin and pinoline release (symbolic direct transmission) inside of the following containers: 

Darkness
Dreams
Lucidity
Deep dreamless dreamspace lucidity
Dream catalog lucidity 
Dream catalog resolution
Visions
Lucidity
Visionless vision space lucidity 
Vision resolution
Meditation
Prayer
Contemplation 
Yoga
Mindfulness/awareness
State of Thogal
Vision resolution
Fainting 
Near-death
Death 

Basically, by moving your “death” backwards in time, you can experience a more full and amazing life. Incredible! 

Now, in order to make the teachings reveal themselves to you, you need to be heroic. That’s it, that’s all. Just do that the best you can, all the time, and that is it. Don’t deceive yourself about it. 

Ultimately, you will need to make this solemn vow upon your entire being: 

“No matter what, all of the time, I will do everything within my power to benefit all sentient beings. Even if I die, I will change all of reality in order to come back to life for the benefit of all sentient beings.” 

And then you need to practice that 100% of the time, even while sleeping and dead. Try to do this through giving your entire experience to others in a way that has everlasting benefit and causes no harm, until you actually are that. Depending on how seriously you take this hero inside of yourself, you will magically transition into a hero, that hero will become a universal hero, and then a wisdom maverick. Why wisdom maverick? Because the type of functional awakening civilization the wisdom maverick births into posterity for all of us is always a radical vision that has never been seen before by the those it is intended to reach. 


Problems

Problems arise when we contact this wisdom and get confused, thinking it is coming from somewhere external, not the source we depend upon for our own experience. As a result of this confusion, we can think that we are being given knowledge by divine entities or aliens and so on, and the only way to go beyond this is to develop heroism within. You must be heroic enough to ask God, Buddha, and so on the tough questions: why aren’t you here? Why aren’t you helping us? How can you call this “God”? How can you call this “Buddha”? And you do this questioning from a place of heroism, not desire not anger and not hate, not hope and not fear, from a place of needing wisdom for the benefit of all. Then all these concepts will collapse as the last guardians of the gate to the ultimate Teachings of Human Spirituality: The Just and Good. 