This is the infinite perfection of the self invented unified theory of everything called Human Spirituality. 

You see

There are no distant celestial worlds
No palaces
No beings

There “are” archetypal beings (insofar as there “is” anything), but receiving communications from them in visions is simply just a deeper or “more pure” way of trying to invent their communications. The communications must come from deep confidence and inner journey, so they well up from the archetypal entities we create to speak to ourselves. Then, after the vision, either immediately or after a period of integration, the meaning arises in infinite perfection and can be transcribed as a piece of a map for those “meant” to find it. This happens in dreams, so we don’t really need any evidence for it. However, we do need to understand why dreams occur on a chemical level. 

On lifetimes

Previous and future lifetimes are a sticky issue. It is complicated because if you believe in lifetimes then it will always appear to be that way to you, because the meanings of the visions will always arise within that understanding. If you don’t believe in previous lifetimes, you do at least need to believe in future lifetimes in a certain sense because we know the brain remains active after death in a way that can cause dreams and dreams are experienced with time dilation. That is, you can have many lifetimes or dreams once you die. Then, the meanings of visions will arise with that understanding. 

On the Sacred Human Process

The sacred process is: being born, growing up, confusion, mentor, journey, ordeal, despair, realization, confrontation, consummation, confidence and resolution. Both encompassing and within this sacred process, there is the sacred cycle of progenation. Within the sacred human process’ sacred cycle of progenation there is a demonic cycle of ignorance and confusion and self-torture which takes the form of nightmares and also a god-like cycle of ignorance and confusion and self torture which takes the form of dreams coming true. There is also an all-encompassing, universal cycle, and this is the sacred human process, which is seeing both the god-like cycles and demonic cycles within the context of the human cycle. 

Coming to understand identitylessness, the antidote, one confronts the cycle of poison ignorance and eliminates confusion and it’s self-torture. As a result, one no longer tortures oneself in relationship to the existential dread of impending doom and failure. That is, the Self-torturous Dreamer is dead. Understanding that through the identitylessness of self, all purposes are spontaneously achieved, humans can be at rest with simple lives in which they experience magical riches and inventions and all their wildest dreams come true in perfect ways. We can live in a simple society with extraordinary technology and no enduring psychic pain - a society that systematized emergent empathic compassion and human dignity and good will. We can grow both externally and internally and share our journey and victory’s boons with everyone else. Through Human Spirituality, we can win. 

All human experience is our own innate “divinity’s” creation. We reveal it to ourselves through projecting entities (divine and not) and subsequently confuse ourselves in the process of discovering reality. For this reason, all human spirituality is both correct on one level and incorrect on other levels. By acknowledging that spirituality is altruistically self-invented by self-less humans, we can mathematically cancel out the final aspect of ignorance from our psyche. 

On Dreams

Dreams are like trying on new world views. Some are immediately terrifying nightmares, some amazing experiences we always wanted and some heavenly, others are nirvanic. 

Relax. Being human is, at its core, very, very simple and amazing! 



