Replace “Mind” with Experience
Replace Wisdom with Identityless or Universal 


Market TWI as just a learn-grow-create-benefit-to-earn (LGCDB2E) platform. 
Welcome to TWI: NEXUS

as you can see I’m a human being with my own experience and I want to tell you about how I discovered my own heroic heart through being myself. 

What are you gonna get out of this? Side effects of realizing what I’m about to say are things like: increased intuition, insight, focus, and confidence. Feelings of limitless appreciation and love, the power to accomplish whatever you set your mind to, break negative thought loops in yourself and others. You may start lucid dreaming, and you might have visions, or realizations of the entirety of the nature of reality. Does that sound okay? 
Example 
The boy with the loud voice, who became afraid of his loud voice because it got him in trouble with others 
But as a hero, his superpower is his loud voice, which allows his soothing words to reach people in a fun way, and that is how he battles self-torture. 

What is TWI?

TWI is an intention of aimless love, care, and concern for fellow human beings. 
TWI as The World Incorporated is its corporate form.

Here are TWI’s subsidiaries:

TWI Garden is the intentional TWI in its healthcare form. 
TWI ThinkMine is the intentional TWI in its software form.
TWI Glacial Lake is the intentional TWI in cultural form.
TWI Nexus is the intentional TWI in social form.
TWI Free World Market is the intentional TWI in marketplace form.

When the world is split by war between those who raise their consciousness through inner DMT and those who cling to their cultural powers, we will have a system for requesting rescue (nexus), and providing it (crystal ball, free world market), and those who provide it (glacial lake), and at that point we will abandon The World Incorporated and become TWI Sanctuary, Atlantis 2.0. 

TWI Sanctuary is the intentional TWI in its civilization form. 

Introduction to The Sanctuary Network State: 

Sanctuary is a new state, specifically Sanctuary is a new type of state called a network state. 
That means its citizens are like-minded individuals who opt-in to participation based on a single rule. Here in Sanctuary, the one rule is to follow the human heart of empathy. 

As such, the people of Sanctuary are dedicated to the preservation of human rights, freedom, liberty, and justice. 

Learn more in part two: the Ennead Plan for Sanctuary. 

In Sanctuary, wealth is accumulated through capitalism and circulated by participation. Participation is tracked on the Sanctuary Nexus, a social network platform where content is ranked by impact. 
TWI, The World Incorporated, is a company owned by Sanctuary’s citizens that tracks impact on Nexus through its global value chain network platform, TWI Projects. 

Want to live in Sanctuary? 
Download our app/visit our site to learn more about how to become a citizen and get access to TWI.

TWI as… The World Incorporated
Part 1: NEXUS

SC1: In today’s interconnected world, rapid communication occurs. 

SC 2: This increases productivity but also gives us less time to process negativity. 

Something bad happens to us and then we are swept into the future carrying that negativity along. That’s just a part of being human. But what’s also supposed to be part of being human is sitting with discomfort and integrating yourself with your world so that you can continue without the burden of the past.

SC 3: Sadly, the ability to scroll past content that reminds us of an aspect of ourselves that we want to change becomes the ability to scroll past what we feel. When we ignore our feelings, we push them down and conceal them from ourselves. Then we often fill ourselves up with entertainment and pleasure instead of confronting our feelings. This creates more confusion, because when we inevitably do feel our feelings, they have grown into larger problems in our lives. 

What’s sad about this is that inside that reminder of an aspect of ourselves we want to change is the realization that inherent in the needless suffering we experience as part of being human is the possibility for discontinuing the causes of that specific type of way suffering occurs.

SC 4: For example, if we go on social media and be mean to people in the comments in order to run away from our feelings, others who feel like us will come seemingly rescue us from ourselves as we rescue them from themselves, as we gang up on someone who has already ganged their thoughts up on themselves, as well. Actually this whole process of egoistic rescue is self-torture. 

SC 5: As a result, people report feeling more and more excluded from society as they spend more time on social media. 

SC 6: Not only that, but problems of all sorts are reported through social media, as if they were news networks, and actions are taken, as if they were activist networks, and this means it is true that social media is not just a place to network with friends, but a decentralized global community of like-minded individuals who can be set to an ideological task. 

SC 7: However, many ideologies we have in the world today are divisive. The best ideology we have, which encompasses all generosity, is altruism. 

SC 8: Altruism can be succinctly described as generating the power of love to empower one’s actions to produce goodness for the benefit of all. 

SC 9: Every single culture on Earth believes this, no matter what cultural form their altruism takes. It would follow that social media ought to be altruistic.

SC 10: But why isn’t it? That’s because capitalism, although it serves compassionate purposes when there is value in them, is not altruistic. 

SC 11: In capitalism, compassion is defined as: the incentivization of human problem solving through owning the valuable solution and selling it to those who suffer from the problem, if they can afford it. In other words, compassion is the system of capitalism. This is another instance, at the very heart of the situation, of egoistic rescue. 

SC 12: So one may think we need to change capitalism because this definition of compassion that it is based on is obviously wrong. This is also not the case. 

We need to redefine the meaning of compassion within capitalism in order to align it with altruism. 

SC 13: In altruistic capitalism, compassion is defined as: the heroic activity of solving a human problem because we possess the skills to do so. Solving the problems of humanity is the only action with intrinsic value to humanity, and so therefore we should realign the valuation system from simply “selling solutions to problems people are willing to pay for,” to “paying people for creating verifiable solutions to verifiable problems that are verifiably experienced.” 

SC 14: As we have already discussed, this is precisely the mechanism of capitalism that leads to problems like social media platforms making people feel disconnected from society – the idea of self-torture. 

SC 15: By giving surface value to anything and then giving intrinsic value only to those surface value things that solve a problem, we have created a materialist world that cannot tell the difference between compassion and generation of self-worth and consumption of self-love through aspiring to be like another we deem worthy of love, because they seem to love themselves and have generated their own self-worth. 

SC 16: Humanity’s problem of self-torture is not new, but it is particularly insidious, subtle, and difficult to solve. Why? Because it needs to be solved in a cultural way. 

SC 17: It takes more than one person to stop the self-torture of all of humanity. It takes all of humanity. 

SC 18: So the question is, how do we get all of humanity to start valuing compassion and creating solutions that dissolve all the forms of self-torture that we create for ourselves and perpetuate in others? 

SC 19: TWI believes we need a social network platform, a rule-based valuation system, participation tokens, and user growth… and that is a task for a specific kind of company.

The World Incorporated
	So, let’s talk about TWI.

In the world, there are a lot of companies. Some companies have even become so large that they are more like nations. For example, if you look at how citizens of a given state are supposed to make their livelihoods. They are supposed to grow up in the system, follow its rules, go to school, get jobs, and make enough money to pay for the goods and services they need to survive at whatever that nation’s basic quality of life is supposed to be. However, it is more and more the case that it is not just any company in the world that can provide that kind of livelihood and quality of life to you, but rather just some. In the past, when this happened, it was geographically bounded and so people would immigrate to other countries. Now, it is the case that peoples’ livelihoods are directly influenced moreso by their position classification at a company than their location. 

In our opinion, that means we should have a company that everyone can work for. Not a company that runs the whole world, but a company that can employ the whole world, and give them a system within which to make their own value.

Blockchain
	This is where blockchain comes in. 
TWI application forms smart contract between you and the blockchain, that you will always abide by the rules of TWI 
If you break them, you will be burned because people will be hurt by you and nobody will find what you’ve said to be helpful. Slowly, all your shares will be forcefully redeemed and you will fade into isolation. If you were previously able to accomplish a lot on the platform, you may find yourself unable to accomplish anything at all. If however you are redeemed in the eyes of others through helping them, then you may be able to accomplish even more than before. 


The World Illuminated
Nexus
Here is world with an altruistic social media network 
People experience problems
Problems are reflected on altruistic social media by experiencers
This is evidence
Evidence causes heroic response 
Heroic Project: Root of problem
Heroic Project: how to undo problem
Good Result of Heroic project  

The World In Your Hands
ThinkMine
Crystal Ball
Lotus		
You
	These are the gifts TWI wants to give you, but TWI doesn’t function without its employees. We need heroes. 
Glacial Lake
	Hero Orientation A-E


First stage: Manual operation
Website
Members area 
Posting forms
Social media TWI 
Podcast 
Hero interviews 
What’s going on in ur life
What do u do
Why
How did you get into that 
What do u have to say to people? 
Diads
One on ones with people who want to do so 
This week’s topic (or biweekly) 
Explainers
Thought leadership quotes on Facebook 
Weekly Email newsletter
Revue / Twitter  
This is what we have been thinking about as of last week
This is the podcast 
Wiki TWI 
Glacial Lake 
Hero Orientation A

Second stage:  Public Manual Operation - Community building
here are all the basic ideas, if you are inspired to make better explanations for your domain, please do so. 
Podcast with various experts 

Third stage: Launch
Blockchain 
Forms
Algorithm
Hash
Blocks
NFT mint 
Wallet
Exchange
Token -> public shares 
Fourth Stage: Go Public


