TWI Daily Schedule
6:10am Alarm Goes Off - Start of Day…
Dream journaling… — 5 min
Ablutions, Shit, Brush Teeth, Shave… — 15 min

6:30am- Hello good morning ☀️ Start of Morning Routine…
Meet in the foyer for optic flow
Optic flow — 10 min
Take supplements
Morning stretch — 15 min
Morning cultivation — 20 min
Daily Cardio Exercise — 25 minutes
Shower — 20 min
Buffer — 20 min

8:20am- Start of Workday…
Daily standup — 40 min 
written review (TEMPLATED): review yesterday’s progress, and incompletions, and write it down.
WRITE: What the problem was, how it affected the work, reflections on what you felt or did about it, proposed solution
meeting start: when everyone is finished writing, everyone reads what they wrote aloud. Then proposed solutions are reviewed and then confirmed as a group.
Review upcoming: everything that needs to be done today by everyone, given full workload context. 
Confirm necessary priority order for tasks/projects expected to be completed in upcoming day

9:00am- Start of work block 1…
Work block 1 — 4 hours
Log completed tasks as they are finished on the kanban, lean kanban rules
“successful” work block requires that you are getting through more than 3 tasks per 4 hour block.
For tasks that take longer than an hour, take note of that, there may be a problem.

1:00pm- Start of midday routine…
Midday Meetup — 15 min
written review (TEMPLATED): as a group, track your progress during the last work block. Mark all completed tasks. Then comment on any tasks that were left incomplete, or otherwise blocked. For these issues, include reasons, effects, and proposed solutions.
Meeting start: read written reviews aloud to the group. Review issues, confirm any necessary solutions. 
Meeting close: confirm continued course of action and task completion expectations for the rest of day.
Take midday supplements
Midday Stretch - 5 min
Midday cultivation - 20 min
Lunch + Break + Chores + dinner prep 1hr 20min

3:00pm- Start of work block 2…
Work block 2 — 4 hours

7:00pm- Start of End of day Routine…
EOD Meetup — 15 min
written review (TEMPLATED): as a group, track your progress during the last work block. Mark all completed tasks. Then comment on any tasks that were left incomplete, or otherwise blocked. For these issues, include reasons, effects, and proposed solutions.
Meeting start: read written reviews aloud to the group. Review issues, confirm any necessary solutions. 
Meeting close: confirm continued course of action and task completion expectations for TOMORROW. Determine any emergency overtime that must be taken to complete tasks before tomorrow starts.
Optic Flow 2 - 10 min
Buffer - 15 min

7:30pm-
Daily Weight Training - 30 min
10 min stretch
20 min Weight Training
Phase 1: Stabilization - low weight, low impact, high reps
Phase 2: Hypertrophy - medium weight, medium impact, medium reps, for building muscle. Over time - weight goes up and reps go down.
Phase 3: Strength/Power - High weight, high impact/full body, low reps -> 1 rep max.
Shower/Change - 10 min
Dinner Time - 50 min

9:00pm-
Sanctuary revolution Journaling - 30 min
Inject Gnosys into a continuous journal chat log, write journal entry based on template, and what has been going on for you during the day.

9:30pm-
Wind down/chill - 1hr

10:00/10:30pm-
Bedtime - go to bed