TWI, Sanctuary Nexus
Content Planning

I think the main questions we need to ask ourselves are: 

What perception are we trying to project and why?

How can content achieve that projection?
This must be researched, by investigating the formats and other qualities of youtube channels/communities that achieve something similar to what we want to project (as defined in the first question).
Post Mortem - was this video successful? 
Monitor performance after release.
Full review of previous week’s published content at every Coffee Hour.
Success is a factor of BOTH raw performance AND qualitative feedback (weighed against internal standards decided in the first two questions).
Do we have at least one piece of content for each aspect we want to project? 

		

PUBLISHING VENUES:

Youtube Channel
The World Incorporated, youtube channel (sanctuary channel?)
The World Incorporated Content
Team Wesley Isaac Content

Podcast Feed
Sanctuary Podcast hosted by us (founders of TWI)

Live Stream (Twitch or Youtube)

TWI website, text


VIDEOS AND SERIES (Youtube):

Animated Explainer Videos:
Sanctuary, 
TWI, nexus, free-world market
TWI
Nexus
free-world market
Crystal Ball - eventually?  

Introduction Video (ONE OFF)
Sanctuary, TWI, nexus, free-world market overview (what is it, how are all the parts related) (ontology, more in depth than explainer videos)
TWI Mission Statement
Call to action/CTA (sign up at TWI website)

Glacial Lake Training Promo (ONE OFF/GROUP)
Wesley going through the course 
Clips from the course content
Personal reflections on the course content
Conclusions/CTA, how to join TWI and go through the training

Topic Videos/Misc. (RECURRING SERIES)
All other videos are here. When we want to define a concept, describe a process, issue a statement, etc…

TWI Progress Report (WEEKLY SERIES/newsletter?)
A report-form summary of everything that got DONE at TWI last week
And of everything that is UP-NEXT at TWI for the following week
NOTE: Can be generated from Coffee Hour probably

COMMUNITY HIGHLIGHT (WEEKLY SERIES)
A researched video highlighting projects, organizations, events, or businesses that we think are awesome and that meet TWI standards of altruistic intent and are TWI community members

News Hour (WEEKLY SERIES)
World News Stories talked about from the perspective of Sanctuary
Structured like 10-min late night show clip, but serious

“Interview with…” (RECURRING SERIES)
Can be short or long interviews with anyone
Questions, and their answers will reveal the interviewees work, and reveal its connection to TWI generally

Build-In-Public/Working Sessions (RECURRING SERIES)
Edited Screen Recordings with added audio showing a TWI employee working on something specific.
App and infrastructure building
Design sessions


Sanctuary Podcast Episodes (WEEKLY)
Reupload all Sanctuary Podcast Episodes
Maybe clipped up versions too if interesting to do so.

PODCAST:

Sanctuary Podcast Weekly Episode
Internal News (Sanctuary, TWI, Nexus related)
Conversation. Team Wesley Isaac
Conversation. Guest/Interviewee (can be clipped from youtube, or vice versa)
Shoutouts and CTA

Very short INTRO episode, to go at beginning of feed
This podcast is…


CAPTURE/PRE-CONTENT:

Impromptu Recording Indoors, audio, Team Wesley Isaac. (process)
Use Iphone Voice Memos
Note content in title
Export recordings to desktop once or twice per week for REVIEW (listen and decide)
Trim dead air and upload to Descript for transcription (if actual text is needed)
Archive recording+transcripts, add any additional notes for future reference, AND most importantly associate it with any New or Ongoing content projects (this may lead to script writing and/or re-recordings made based on original recording).

Walking Recording, audio. (process)
Same process as above
Scheduled on Weekends

Hanging out on the couch recordings
Probably want to convert the living room into our podcast space and we can use the same setup we have to capture that. We capture everything then if it has nothing in it, we delete it. 
Daily management schedule

Coffee Hour Recording, audio, Team Wesley Isaac. (process)
Could record with iphone or better mic if available and convenient to set up…
Will include discussion of “DONE” list and of “TO-DO” list
Immediately send to Descript 
Create summary for TWI weekly update video
Archive recording+transcription+summary

Working Recording, video
Screen capture all TWI work that could be shown publicly.
Tag and archive after each work/recording session.



CONTENT PRODUCTION:

Research - Planning - Execution - Publication (process) (see next section for more)
Scheduled RESEARCH for weekly series
for “Community…”
for “News Hour”
for “Interview with…”
And for all other Topic Videos, by reviewing the archive of “content notes” (which is derived from meeting notes and transcribed conversations)
Scheduled PLANNING for weekly series
Create outlines for all videos and podcast episodes to be made in upcoming week, based on research phase before
Include all titles, notes, and links in the outline
Write scripts where needed
Collect any and all assets needed
Schedule any necessary interviews, or other special recording sessions
Scheduled EXECUTION for weekly series
Record and edit audio for videos
Record, animate, and edit videos
Record Podcast audio, edit podcast
Scheduled PUBLICATION for weekly series
Write accompanying social media posts (twitter…) for all scheduled content
Pre-schedule posts and content to go out together
Review performance in the days after posting



INFRASTRUCTURE:

Content Calendar (clickup)
Content Release Schedule (noted as a TASKS to publish the content)
Content Production Schedule 
Twice weekly RESEARCH/REVIEW of internal and external sources to mine for topics. 
Once Weekly PLANNING of videos and podcast based on research phase (release schedule MAY be updated at this time)
As many as needed EXECUTION sessions to complete content creation in a timely manner before scheduled release

Content Notes/Projects Archive (clickup…?)
All notes captured from meetings or transcriptions live here
In a separate section, new projects get a document page which includes their written outlines, scripts, and any other material. Link notes to projects.

Transcription Tool (Descript) https://www.descript.com/
$12 for 10hr. $24 for 30hr

Riverside.fm https://riverside.fm/
For remote double-end podcast recording
Free unlimited recording.
Can be used quite effectively  for video too, but must pay $15/month for separated multi-track exports in that case

Fireside.fm https://fireside.fm/
For Podcast HOSTING
$9/mo for limited plan (okay, but must host on fireside.fm subdomain)
$19/mo for unlimited everything plan

Youtube Channel
Cover image, and copy text needed

Domain Name for Podcast

ChatGPT for summarizing our own transcripts…
And writing copy.

Podcasting Microphone (USB mic probably)

Social Media Accounts
Cover image, and copy text needed