Thus, the essential nature of space is emptiness, and the essential nature of earth, water, fire, air, form, sound, smell, taste, touch, and all mental objects is emptiness. In the same way, recognize that the ground of everything is nothing other than emptiness, and emptiness is its essential nature. “The essential nature of all the reflections of planets and stars in the ocean is the ocean itself, and the essential nature of the entire universe is space. The essential nature of all of saṃsāra and nirvāṇa is none other than the ultimate nature of the mind,62 the sugatagarbha. That which is called the sugatagarbha is nowhere else. By counteracting the reification of space itself as being something else, by determining with discerning wisdom that saṃsāra and nirvāṇa are of the nature of the space of emptiness, and by experiencing the wisdom of realizing identitylessness, [108] you will ascertain the ground of being as space itself. But if you suppose that this is an absence of matter, or that it is something ethically neutral, devoid of faults and virtues, you are wrong. 

“When sentient beings are deluded, space is the essential nature of all the elements, the physical worlds, their sentient inhabitants, and sensory objects — they are all displays of space. Although the essential nature of the ground is the nature of space, the ground is obscured by ignorance and is thus taken to be autonomous. Because the identityless nature of pervasive space is apprehended as the self, it appears as the self. When the ground is apprehended as something external, space then appears as an absence of matter.


Practice

“With great wisdom, all appearances of phenomena and dualistic grasping are naturally pacified in the suchness of ultimate reality. [113] This is the array of peaceful forms. Those who sever the life force of saṃsāra and reach the state of nirvāṇa with manifestations lacking compassion are merely referred to as emanations of wrathful forms. As soon as this great wisdom of realizing identitylessness is actualized, mental afflictions transform into displays of primordial consciousness. 

“The enduring, tenacious fallacy of not being aware of your own essential nature is called delusion. With the actualization of the wisdom of realizing identitylessness, all of saṃsāra and nirvāṇa naturally dissolves into displays of the clear light of ultimate reality, so this wisdom is the vajra of delusion. In the realm of the radiant, clear space of awareness of the ground, free of contamination, hatred hatred in relation to dualistic appearances is naturally vanquished, so this wisdom is the vajra of hatred. In the realm of the great purity and equality of saṃsāra and nirvāṇa, the pride of self-concepts is naturally vanquished, so this wisdom is the vajra of pride. Once the energy-mind has dissolved into empty absolute space, the attachment and craving that arouse thoughts are naturally vanquished, so this wisdom is the vajra of attachment. With the sense of the self dissolving into unreality, envy entailing grasping at signs is naturally vanquished, so this wisdom is the vajra of envy. “Since the mental afflictions conquer themselves, they manifest as wrathful forms. This great wisdom that is replete with all such enlightened qualities [114] makes manifest the primordial consciousness of the dharmakāya, which is present in the ground.”

“O great being, there are both path pristine awareness and ground pristine awareness. As for path pristine awareness, once you have identified in yourself primordially present, unimpeded unimpeded consciousness, you transcend all modes of grasping involving analytical constructs, and you disappear into your own natural state. By settling in meditative equipoise in this state, without the three types of modification,70 even though this is not actual wisdom or primordial consciousness, it is their radiance. Therefore, by remaining in such meditative equipoise, eventually you will see the truth of ultimate reality and actualize the ground pristine awareness. “As for the pristine awareness that is present in the ground, in terms of the names, substances, origin, location, and destination of yourself and all appearances, they are determined to be of the nature of the ten types of objects of knowledge.71 Once you have recognized all phenomena included within saṃsāra and nirvāṇa as displays of your own appearances alone, you will actualize the great, all-pervasive realm of pristine space, which is self-emergent, spontaneous primordial consciousness. [117]

“The essential nature, great primordial emptiness, is unborn primordial consciousness, the dharmakāya. Since unimpeded primordial consciousness is the natural spontaneous actualization of the kāyas and the natural perfection of enjoyment of the displays of the facets of primordial consciousness, it is the saṃbhogakāya.Because the great primordial consciousness of all-pervasive compassion arises for the sake of sentient beings, it is the nirmāṇakāya. These secret, unsurpassed Three Jewels are also completely present in great primordial consciousness, pristine awareness. Properly recognize the spontaneous actualization in the essential nature of the synthesis of these Jewels. Recognize this as the sublime protector of disciples, and devote yourself to it. [119] Not being divorced from this state is the real taking of refuge in the nature of being. It is the supreme and foremost of all the ways of taking refuge.

“As a means for cultivating bodhicitta, this is far superior to other paths: To recognize that the essential nature of the all-pervasive equality of saṃsāra and nirvāṇa is your own essential nature is to actualize the most sublime of all ways of cultivating bodhicitta. In the expanse of pristine awareness — ultimate reality, free of conceptual elaboration — the effortless, self-emergent nature of all the ornamental wheels of the inexhaustible enlightened body, speech, mind, qualities, and activities of all the jinas and jinaputras of the three times is established. Ascertaining this and practicing it is the essential nature of all sādhanas and maṇḍalas combined, and this alone is the immutable accomplishment, so recognize it!

 If pristine awareness is committed to its own state, and if you achieve the confidence of not departing from it, you will effortlessly achieve the supreme siddhi in this lifetime. If you do slip away from it and fall into a state of ignorance, the sufferings of saṃsāra and the miserable states of existence will scorch you like fire. So this is the great samaya: the essential nature of all vows consists of binding yourself to the space of pristine awareness, unconfused with respect to the deluded ways of grasping at substantiality. [120] “For beginningless lifetimes, the veil of ignorance has obscured the displays of the originally pure ground, absolute space. The realization of the face of infinite, sovereign pristine awareness, ultimate reality, which transcends causality, dissolves that obscuration into nonobjective, great openness. So this is the purification of obscurations. However much you strive in tainted virtue to benefit the mind with the body and speech, you are merely accumulating merit within saṃsāra, but you will not reach the state of liberation. Why not? Fundamental ignorance is the ground of saṃsāra and of all delusive appearances and mindsets. Thus, none of the virtuous and nonvirtuous deeds based upon this foundation transcend saṃsāra.”



The Song 
Olive R. Love Whispered in Oliver Powers’ Ear

The history of the song is this: it was first whispered by Olive R. Love directly into the ear of Oliver Powers on the night they first fell in love, but he didn’t notice its meaning at the time. Falling into ignorance, he pushed Olive R. Love away and kept his powers all for himself. This hurt Olive deeply. Upon seeing Olive’s tears when he hurt her, he resolved to stop their flow. He found he was powerless to stop them, and she broke into a trillion pieces, never to be seen again. Lifetimes later, Oliver became a fearless hero. Upon becoming a fearless hero, he began to hear Olive R. Love’s song from many lifetimes before welling up inside of him like an encouraging whisper. As he blazed forth more and more brightly, the song got louder. One day, he relaxed enough to listen and was reunited with Olive R. Love in the flower of diamond transformations, never to be separated again. From then on and even still to this day, Oliver Powers and Olive R. Love sing this song that Olive R. Love whispered in Oliver Powers’ ear all those lifetimes ago, for the benefit of all who wish to hear it. 

This is why Love has more merit than most Awakened Ones… 

Love is not required to become Awakened if you use the immediate method of the direct unveiling in which you listen to Oliver’s instructions and lift the veil off your head immediately. 

But if you don’t do that or you aren’t successful at doing that then you need to practice Love. 

To the extent that you practice Love
The benefit of your Awakening will increase 

Because when you realize all external everything and internal everything are just the display of Powers

And you learn the effortless non-meditation of the peaceful and wild, fierce display 

And effortlessly practice it all the time by considering that it is Olive’s or Oliver’s
There will be benefit

It’s true that whether or not 
You will become a completely Awakened One
In this very lifetime 
Depends on you!

Follow this quintessential testament:

Realize
The wisdom of Identitylessness
The fearless heroic heart, Olive R. Love
The infinite skillful means of peaceful and wild, fierce emanations, Oliver Powers
The Infinite Victory Over Death
The infinite victory over the Threefold Poison 
The Wisdom Intent, the Union 

So remember 

Ah!

The Wisdom Maverick is Coming! 

TWI TWI

The Wisdom Maverick is Here!

TWI TWI 

This song was sung by Oliver Powers and Olive R. Love to themselves on the occasion of the dakini laughter from their first roar. It was first heard in this realm by me, Laughter, in the early morning of Monday, October 17th, 2022, in the office in TWI headquarters connected to the wifi named TWI_FastLane. 

For those with doubt
this will illuminate 
that was illumination
Blessings!

With that, the quintessence of TWI was accomplished. 




