I decided to make this video because in the past few years I have seen a huge uptick in the number of videos about spirituality, so-called awakening experiences, and also psychedelics. I think this is probably helpful in the long run if we do it right, but I think people need to know about these traditions before they get into them, and unfortunately they dont have any way to know about them because the traditions hide their ultimate knowledge and reserve it for those who are worthy. This is like a totalitarian system. If you look at any spiritual system, you will find that regardless of the experiences of its path, the knowledge is hidden and therefore functions as a class divider. You are being gaslighted by the very people you think are the only ones who know the truth. The truth is, they know that their experience is exactly the same as yours. Knowing this, you are awakened. Not knowing this, you are under the control of your own ignorance and subject to authoritarian oppression.   

What is the nature of this experience? The nature of experience is knowing and emergence. Once you experience the recognition of emergence in your own mind, you realize that’s all there is. The notion of the existence or non-existence of phenomena goes straight out the window and all you are left with is the identitylessness of emergence without synergies – the universe itself.

So look in your mind and recognize that it is naturally open and clearly expresses its own energy. This natural openness and clarity is not only emergent consciousness but also the synergistic properties of reality that are the basis of universal emergence, itself. Resting in this so-called mind of universal emergence, you may have a non-dual experience. If you have a non-dual experience but you say “everything is related to ‘me’” then you have let your own ignorance lead you into a solipsistic error. If you have a non-dual experience but you say “everything is related to nothing at all” then you have let your own ignorance lead you into a nihilistic error. The problems with solipsistic and nihilistic errors is that they prevent compassionate activity. You may also have a non-dual experience but say “everything is related to the eternally existent emergence” which is an eternalistic error. Falling into errors like these, you will be unable to cognize the actual reality, which is identityless. It is not eternally one way, because its nature is to express itself, and it expresses itself through emergence. When we emerge, we do not recognize our identity as such, and as a result we experience all kinds of negativities that surely do not exist at all. Everything is simply the infinite energetic display of the universe. It is that way. You cannot argue against this. You may say “yes BUT what the energetic display did to ME was so awful” but actually when you awaken you will not say anything like that. Why not? Because it is through emergence that compassion is actualized. What does that mean? The entire process is like this:

You go through whatever you go through, positive, negative, and neutral.
As this happens, you realize that there’s something missing, some kind of true-self-knowledge that you lack. You realize that the effect of this ignorance is literally the experience of all negativity related to lack of true-self-knowledge, which incidentally is everything psychically negative which incidentally creates every action of physical negativity.
Which leads you to a heroic motivation where you want to awaken to all the true-self-knowledge in order to stop the psychic and physical negativity of the universe
Awakening dissolves all trauma, so when you awaken you realize the exact method for dissolving all the ignorance-sustaining thoughts of identity reification that bolster ignorance
Therefore, awakening gives the tools to benefit people just like you

This is obvious even in the case of minor awakenings, in which you can benefit people at previous parts of the path. It’s even more obvious in the case of non-spiritual awakenings, where people go through a journey to solve an inner problem and come out with a new identity and share it with others who adopt it. A good example of this is the whole notion of coaching. 



I’m not a teacher of anything because I can’t be a teacher to anyone. This is because everyone’s own inner teacher is the only way they learn. Some kind of outer teacher would have to be another name for a set of conditions, and since nature is all pervasive, we can realize it in any set of conditions. Therefore an outer teacher really doesn’t exist, so we can stop looking for one. 







——

Why ChatGPT and other AI will never matter as much as people believe
humans can think with synergies and have emergent conceptual realizations
Computers are programmed so that this is impossible for them 

