Why I love Paulina

POLY POLYYYY!
Eshgham omram zendegeemmmmmm

Thank you for being you. 


You have provided me with an all encompassing love. One that I never thought I would find. 

Peace and serenity you bring to my existence

Thank you for loving to eat food. 

With you I am able to be the person I am at my core. You let Phillip be Phillip. I can fully share the love in my heart with you—freely and without limit. I do not have to worry about it going to your head, about you not liking my softness. I can make myself vulnerable to you without being scared of surrendering my masculinity. I can tell you when I am sad. I can talk to you when I am hurt. I can talk to you about my deepest insecurities. All the while maintaining the feeling that I am your man and still desired by you. You appreciate my persian singing, my tendency to sing out of the blue to myself, my all around jollyness. You let me be the man that I am and you give me hope that I can become the man I dreamed of becoming. aspired to be and you gave me hope that I can become the man I always dreamed of becoming.

You are able to give and receive love in a healthy way. 

For a girl who grew up with every privilege, you made a conscious effort to stay humble and find your identity outside of material things. You do not think the world owes it to you.

This humility combined with your life experience makes our day to day life and experiences so smooth. We are both able to come from a place of love and understanding. We are able to be patient and listen and cater to eachother and ourselves. 

Love that you are also a rehabilitated nerd. 

How your drive to achieve comes from you and not from outside influence. 

Your ability to listen

I am thankful for your desire to become a better partner. To be able to sort through your own feelings but to be able to read my needs and act accordingly to put my heart at ease. 

You do not take me or our love for granted. You tell me so frequently how much you love me and how thankful you are for the depth of our love and the nature of our relationship. 

You are so excited when you get home. The love is bursting out of your seams. I can truly see in your eyes the purity of your soul and your love. 

Your ability to live out and apply what you learn about your personal growth and at royal way. 

Your ability to be honest with yourself about things around you. You listen to your senses and how something makes you feel. You are connected with yourself.
When you combine that with your ability to apply these things to your everyday life, it makes my days more settled. Like how we analyzed your desire to be perfect. 

Your reasonableness

Your hard times at harvard westlake and socially.

Love that you were able to maintain your purity in the face of society all these years. Staying true to yourself. 

Your family. The unbridled kindness and welcomingness that they give me. They’re values. I can feel like a son to them. It is so seamless. Its like hanging with my own parents. Knowing that one day my kids will be able to learn the values of their grandparents touches my heart. That if god forbid I wasnt here, I would feel eyes closed comfortable with Paulina and her family. 

Love the culture of both her moms side and dads side. 

















VOWS

I promise to make every day the absolute best day of your life.
 
I promise to give you 100% of my heart, body and soul, at every moment.
 
I promise to always honor your love and uphold the responsibility that comes with it.
 
I promise to always be righteous, instead of right. To always come from a place of love and understanding. To exercise unlimited patience.
 
I promise to hold myself to the highest standards of respect with you at every moment, without exception. I promise to never be dismissive to you in the slightest, not at any moment.
 
I promise to remind you every day how beautiful of a human being you are.
 
I promise to always wrap you in my cocoon of love.
 
I promise to feed you every two hours. I promise to provide a never-ending supply of carciofi salad. I promise to support your slow eating. To be the last person with you at any dining table and to never let anyone take your plate away before you’re done eating.
 
I promise to be the garden salad to your juicy chicken. The noon to your paneer. The sangak bread of your heart.
 
I promise to make sure we order enough postmates and dinner for 5 people.
 
I promise to make sure you never forget that barberry means zereshk and that zereshk is the rice you like with your kabob.
 
I promise to listen not only to your words but your feelings.
 
I promise to sing Persian love songs to you on a daily basis with the highest level of passion and zest.
 
I promise to always think ten steps ahead to make sure you are always comfortable. I promise to pay attention to your emotions and know how you’re feeling before you even know how you’re feeling.
 
I promise to always make you laugh.
 
I promise to make Shirin Joon and Shahrokh Joon proud, every second of every day. I promise to exceed their expectations and keep my promises to them.
 
I promise to always encourage you to be your own person. To never stop developing your identity and learning about yourself. I promise to always help you balance your personal growth journey with our family life responsibilities. [to never lose perspective and maintain balance in your life]
 
I promise to set your soul free. To make you feel light and at peace.
 
I promise to always encourage you to share your feelings and examine yourself. I promise to listen and hear you. To never ask, but to let you share.
 
I promise to help you stay true to your inner Paulina and always show you my inner Phillip.
 
I promise to provide you emotional support. Fulfill all your compartments. To give you a comprehensive, all encompassing love.
 
I promise to never stop growing for you. To continue growing stronger for you and our children.
 
I promise to help you with time management and to make sure you are always late as little as possible.

