Isaac is a person who thinks he found out the meaning of what wisdom traditions have been trying to express (in polysemic language) and that we can work together to express it scientifically (starting with linguistics and math) (in order to apply it to AI) to establish a Sanctuary for future generations. This pursuit is the mission of the Sanctuary Institute, which can be described as an open corporation in the virtuetech space. My YouTube channel is a hub for education about Sanctuary and the Sanctuary System, which is the encapsulation of what people tend to call dignity and love. We dedicate our work to the minimization of Wasteland proliferation and self-torture due to ignorance of the way being human really is. 
Relating non-duality to science 
Ontologizing experience through becoming familiar in meditation
YouTube is: Sanctuary
Playlists
Isaac from Sanctuary 
Overview of Sanctuary
Sanctuary System is a polysemic abstraction language for talking about benefiting oneself and others, such that oneself and others are benefitted by speaking it
This also causes the world to change
This whole effect is called going to Sanctuary
The Sanctuary System is a programming language that automatically writes all the programs that make demon champions go to Sanctuary
Sanctuary Science
Cultivation Instructions
Guided Practice
Building Olivus Victory-Promise
Building Outer Sanctuary
Sanctuary Institute
The Sanctuary System
Community
Nexus
Aspirations
Applications
Heroic Projects
Crystal Ball
Universal Sanctuary AI

What is the Sanctuary channel tho? 

It’s like Graham Hancock and Joe Rogan 
Information wise
It’s like a meditation or spiritual community channel 
Practice wise
Community wise
Courses
Live Workshops
App for tracking meditation and connecting with Nexus 
Masterminds with Isaac
Weekly Q&A
It’s like Alex Hormozi 
Alex is a guy who is perceived as really rich and ripped teaching you how he makes money through teaching people how to get ripped and making a platform for others to teach that and selling it
Guy who is perceived as really wise and expressive teaching you how he accumulated wisdom through cultivation 
Olivus Victory-Promise is perceived as wise and really in Sanctuary, teaching you how he gets wisdom through teaching people how to go to Sanctuary and making a platform for others to teach that, and then selling those teacher slots in the form of expensive training systems (gym launch/COACHING) and free/low cost training systems (the books, YouTube, courses) that lead people through funnels to create their own projects that we get a piece of (Nexus-enabled TWI projects/blockchain businesses or DAOs depending on preference) can be accelerated for equity exchange (TWI acquires Projects via Nexus blockchain). 

Introduction: 
Hey I’m Olivus Victory-Promise, founder of TWI. we’re a startup building a Sanctuary state based on human dignity and love. We’re committed to the preservation of all that is meaningful for all of humanity for all of its continued existence. 
On this channel you can learn about the meaning of Olivus Victory-Promise as well as how to recognize the Wasteland, end self-torture, and find yourself in Sanctuary. If you don’t know what any of that means, don’t worry — I’m gonna share with you the secrets to how I discovered Sanctuary and I guarantee you that your entire life will change in inconceivably positive ways if you come to Sanctuary. As always, thanks for visiting. Much love. 

Arrow: basic formal sanctuary cultivation
Bow: background
Bow: instructions
Bow: practice

Video 1: 
Who is Olivus Victory-Promise?

Video 2: 
Where is Olivus Victory-Promise from? 

Video 3:
What can Olivus Victory-Promise tell me? 
How I Self-torture 
How I Self-love
How I practice Openness
Holding the door to Sanctuary
How I compete in heroic game of play
Holding the door to Sanctuary
Connecting hallways to the door to Sanctuary
How I cultivate my identity(lessness!)
Basic formal sanctuary cultivation
Peasant contemplation
Outer preliminary 
Inner preliminary 
Join TWI

Video 4:
How can I be friends with Olivus Victory-Promise?
Aspire to go to Sanctuary
Join Nexus
Outer preliminary (let’s just call level 1) 
Body, speech, mind instructions
Sanctuary Book
Sanctuary Game Stages (courses/trainings/workshops)
Outer courses
Inner courses
1 on 1 Coaching
Video 5: Learn to meditate with Olivus Victory-Promise
Guided Basic Formal Sanctuary Cultivation Instruction
Basic formal sanctuary cultivation instruction 

Video 6: Learn compassion meditation with Olivus Victory-Promise
Guided Peasant Contemplation 

Video 7: How I logged in to the video game of life
Awakening the heroic heart of infinite love 
Retreat means boundary 
Boundary means protection circle
The ultimate protection circle is your mind’s own nature
There are rules to clarifying the obstacles
Continually enter retreat by winning the evolutionary game of heroic play
Level up
Retreat never ends! 
