I don't know I guess I oversimplify a lot of things and that causes all this confusion, right?
In my mind
Because i'll like simplify something like that making a connection like that and i'm like that's an absolute connection because it is
It's just it's not it's probably not the absolute connection
That is like the base of the pattern between those two things, but
You know that that doesn't mean that it's not an absolute
You know it that is an a priori truth of those concepts like it just is yeah, you know
And I have a really hard time with not creating these webs of those a priori truths, right whatever
right and
Because I don't i'm because of P vs NP
It's not possible to know what kind of
Stuff you're dealing with which I don't know
It's impossible to talk about but it's not possible to know like what kind of emergent concepts you are putting together
and so it's not possible to know if you're actually like
Creating the type that is the next type or if you've actually skipped some stuff in your definition and you've actually over defined this thing in terms of like the way that it's now going to web, going to network with all the other nodes in the web and
Yeah, I don't know I just…

W:
Right like kind of like measuring angles and meaning space that you don't actually know very much about. Because it's new

I:
You're actually trying to measure these angles in a space that doesn't have angles at all
Right because it's not a hilbert space because you can't conceptualize it as being a hilbert space
Um, because it's not possible for you to do
um
Until you have both sides of the dual, right?
You have both sides of a duality in order to make a hilbert space because a hilbert space represents a quantum field. So it's it's… You you inherently it has to be representing that stuff right it represents the quantum
and also the newtonian so
by definition is
At least reconstructing the duality, right? It's not non-dual but like it's not not non-dual
Right
It's like oh, but the duality is still there
right, that's what makes

W:
Well, everything has to be computationally equivalent to non-duality

I
Has to be computational what do you mean by that

W:
Like well because like you can just because
All the ways in which you're gonna like set the definition of something you're
Like
Oh what I mean is really complicated for me to say
Um
I don't know, something kind of like, because you are, like,
whenever you make, whenever you pose a concept, even if you're, like, wrong,
actually, like, you're still making, you're still right about the fact that
you can divide up meanings that way, and then that also necessarily implies
your ability to resolve them.
And so, like, any…

I:
Potentially, yeah.

W:
Well, some day, somebody will.

I:
It could be.

W:
And so, yeah, and so then that, like, just has to be something that is reconfigurable.
Like, there's just a, there is some path from, from that position.

I:
Yeah, but since you're operating in binaries, the thing is, is because you're,
this is, this is the really why it's so complex, is because you're operating in
binaries, and it's switching it in a way where everything is on and off,
and also not describable that way.
And so it's, like, suddenly you're just, like, that's not exactly what I mean.
And then you try to say it again, and the more that you try to say it,
the more that you forget what it is that you're trying to say,
because you're just actually filling up your own context window with garbage.
So you're just, because you can't actually target what it is that you want to say,
because you can't think about it, because trying to think about it isn't,
because thinking is engaging in the loop that is the thing that you're actually observing.
So whenever you go try to think about it, it short-circuits.
It doesn't short-circuit at all.
It happens, but because you are trying to make it happen and observe it and all this,
it doesn't work that way.
So it's incredibly complex.
Like, it's not even something that anybody can really understand or know exactly how
it works or something like that.
It just seems like maybe it's describable in these words to some people who recognize it
