So, because we’re in denial, we deny we’re in denial and stay in denial about being in denial while telling ourselves it’s impossible we could be in denial because we don’t even know what it is we would be denying because we are denying what it is and forgot how to not do that since if we remembered it would change our beliefs and reality positively, which we are in denial of the possibility of in the first place, due to our particular self-torture cycle (which here is shame and blame). If we do know/remember/didnt forget and are in active denial, we are probably in denial about the fact that we need to open up to the actual change in our habits required to overcome self-torture. Even though we generally simply hurt ourselves, self-torture IS harmful, and we can, after a certain level of complexity, end up harming ourselves and others due to this confusion. This is all quite well supported scientifically, not to mention how completely obvious it is, although it’s funny that it’s so complex to try thinking about… you know, because of the denial going on. 

//

The idea is that nobody can say “I am enlightened - here is the proof. Listen to me and you will get good at reality.” Because everybody has different ideas of what it means to be enlightened. Therefore, when awakened beings interact with you, you don’t see them as such, because they instead tell extremely profound jokes like “I am Olivus Victory-Promise from Sanctuary and so are you. Recognize that, and instantly take yourself to Sanctuary.” Just kidding. I’m not because I couldn’t be because my teacher isn’t and blah blah blah blah blah blah blah because your teacher flies to the top of a mountain every dawn and dusk and eats Sun rays and causes the earth to shake when they proclaim the lion’s roar, etc. This is why we should meditate in dangerous mountain side caves and not in valleys — have these objectors with generosity obstacles even realized the meaning of what they are saying? It never does seem so. “My teacher asked me how my dreams were after I had a dream about him!!!! He’s ENLIGHTENED.” This is a really easy way to hurt yourself and kill the dharma. I know you are just trying to practice, though, so that’s why you’ll always be allowed to do it. Good student. *Head pats.* but if you ever come to my place, I will bust you for everything a la Dr Kaplan’s advice. “The reason none of the other students liked being around vimalakirti is because he was always busting them for everything in front of other people. That’s why you never want to sit on Vimalakirti’s Throne!” 

Jigme Lingpa quote about Earth Shaking

To be serious, in Buddhism it’s like this:

In Early Buddhist and Theravada - 
Stream entrance
Once Returner
Non returner
Arhat

But look, an arhat is not a bodhisattva even though they comprehend the dharma, and for this reason they cannot comprehend the dharma fully and still cannot truly see. For this reason, they are taught about emptiness and given the bodhisattva path. If you realize the dharma, then great, go teach it, but you will soon find out it is impossible to teach without realizing and you’re in denial. Good luck becoming a Buddha, which requires you to learn how to teach it to trillions of beings at once through (trillions*trillions)^trillions^trillions^n! of emanations! 

Accordingly, there are the bodhisattva bhumis, which are like grounds, or really like emergent building concatenations on top of the emergent engine called bodhi. Thus, bodhisattva bhumi. These are grouped in stages called seeing, meditation, non-meditation, no more learning. 

