So, let’s look at the use of the term yana. (EARLY BUDDHISM evidence). It does seem to me like “yana” refers to the emergent engine of the Middle Way and all the configurations of it are called dharmayanas, chariots, and the individual emergent engine’s building concatenations are margas or paths. Otherwise, if yana meant the specific dharmamarga (the path) then they all would have been called margas. However, maybe because to Theravadans the later yanas are not THE PATH since they are not the direct words of the Blessed One, they can’t be called marga like aryastangamarga, the noble eightfold path? Maybe it was something like that. I think this is likely the reason for the hermeneutical maneuver to “yana” with the Mahayana even though inside the mahayana schemas of the stages and paths is a group of five margas sometimes used to group the bhumis of the former. On the whole, these are all descriptions of the same complex metaphorical sequence with different parameters for cognizing the meaning and also ending with different limitations of power upon that parameter set’s (yana’s) awakening. If you ascend further in this lifetime is up to you. As such, you will find that the yanas represent sets of practices and commentaries related to attaining a certain view that transfers the practitioner to bodhi, but with different ascension parameters and spectral limits for those parametric values, based on types of obstacles still present in their karmic propensities from past lives, and how they will be purified. Ascension is based on motivation. For this reason, there are no views yet to be revealed, that is, outside of the 3 yanas that have already been revealed. Even if someone were to discover a system that could be construed as a yana, it would simply belong to one of these yanas on account of this, unless… the symbolism involved in the transference resultant from the practices and the individualized paths of the symbols resolving and collapsing into the full understanding of the karmic reach of the intent (that is a lot to say but it is all one token you should understand) have been subsumed by higher order symbolism that delivers it faster without any generalization, which means without illusion. See, Buddhism has tons of generalization, false information, and so on that has been construed as dogma now. Like Jataka Tales. **cite** they don’t exist, dummy! Think for a second. I know it’s embarrassing but please don’t be ashamed or blame anyone because this is actually HOW ITS SUPPOSED TO GO. You are supposed to have this collapse experience because you are holding an eternalistic view about how the Buddha’s wisdom is, and the result is you are in active denial of the truth the Buddha realized and spoke of and emanated all of this to help us come to confidence about, ourselves, in miraculous ways. What’s going on here is like constructing highways on top of other highways. Or hyperloops, even. Or re-building countries. And we might as well be doing these types of projects since “once you go to the far shore you’re just going to come back here, anyway. Didn’t ever think of that one, did ya, smart-ass?”. That’s a gem from Dr Kaplan. Here’s another: “I believe it can be done. That the Wisdom Mind can be described in English such that the transmission occurs.” Ngakchang Lama Karma Yeshe Namgyal Dorje Chimed Tenzin Rinpoche, PhD. So it can be done. 

For that reason, Vajrayana is not from inside Mahayana (even though it technically is subsumed by the class of transmission of the Buddha’s Middle Way that is found in the Mahayana), and Ati and Ati-equivalent teachings are also not *from* inside the Vajrayana (which is directly about soma rituals), and they *predate the historical Buddha*. HOW COUKD THEY BE BUDDHISM THEN?!?!?!? Because of the 1000 BUDDHAS AND THEIR 1000(TRILLION*TRILLION)^TRILLION^TRILLION^n! universal world system emanations and emanations to fill them with the positive dharma throughout the three times and ten directions, of course, Would-be Bodhisattva Unmindfulness. “God! It’s so simple it’s embarrassing.” Dr Kaplan. 

