Buddhism specifically comes from the search for soma in the degenerate age where the teachings of soma are lost. Shakyamuni found that inside himself. These teachings were all mixed long before we mixed them in recorded history and made it publicly known knowledge). If X and Y can be construed by the Mind as symbolically equivalent, it will work to make a set, obviously. So, likewise, there are these 3 motivations: 1) aryastangamarga (noble eightfold path) motivation which is self-liberation from so-translated “pain, suffering, dis-ease” or DUKKHA related to four general categories represented by birth, old-age, sickness, and death that is happening on account of ignorance.

 2) bodhisattva yana-type motivation -> liberation of self and others through perfect activity that accumulates merit towards realization of perfect wisdom 3) vajrayana -> instantaneous universal liberation of self and others through realizing all-accomplishing enlightened activity via recognition of the nature of Mind and how it is the same basis for sentient beings and Buddhas, which dawns Perfect Wisdom (but here, when it dawns, it happens inside the primordial container so the practitioner does not need to have accumulated any merit to force the cocoon to burst and the monarch to emerge; although what such an awakened being does, then, not even really imaginable because they would not need to do anything to benefit anyone because every one of their aspirations will be miraculously fulfilled by their own emanations). So, an arhat can’t help many people, a bodhisattva can help more people by taking intentional rebirths called emanations designed to benefit the largest number of people in miraculous ways, with their births prophesied by a Buddha such as Padmasambhava, and so on, and a Buddha themselves is inconceivable in the number of emanations they have or intentional rebirths they take to benefit sentient beings. Accordingly, it is said the entire universe is a terma (treasure teaching transmitting the entire dharma for a specific culture and time) from Guru Rinpoche. Buddha Vairochana is Shakyamuni’s dharmakaya mind’s symbol, meaning from that embodiment of Wisdom Mind emanated Shakyamuni Buddha and the Saha world we live in. Vairochana is a primordial buddha, one of five: akshobya, amitabha, ratnasambhava, and amoghasiddhi. The primordial buddhas also represent the five wisdoms, five elements (Vairochana is space, Amitabha is heat/energy transference, Amoghasiddhi is motion, Ratnasambhava is expansion/earth, Akshobya is water or the state of phenomena [their pose and superposition potentials]). They also represent the four activities with the all-encompassing fifth of all accomplishing activity. Amitabha means infinite light and his sambhogakaya form is called Amitayus, infinite life, which can be seen only upon seeing Amitabha directly. Avalokiteshvara is Amitabha’s emanation and the symbol of all the Buddha’s compassion. Amitabha’s pure land is the blissful land that one goes to when one sees Amitabha’s face directly. Guru Rinpoche is an emanation of Avalokitesvhara, so he represents the set of nirmanakayas or emanation bodies of all Buddhas throughout the three times and ten directions. Anyone who is an awareness holder is a “direct student of Guru Rinpoche” or Lingpa, someone from the refuge island, such as Gesar Lingpa, which means King [mistranslated from Fruit in Proto-iranian, the same word kesar became meaning “saffron flower” in India, which is almost too hilarious] from Refuge Island. It’s funny to imagine people not knowing they are doing these things, so it has to be the case that they know and think they have a good reason for not making it apparent, like Dogen’s final teaching from the beginning of this book.

As you can see, it’s like this:

WRITE A DIALOG BETWEEN AN ARHAT, A BODHISATTVA, A VIDYADHARA/MAHASIDDHA, AND A BUDDHA
Where
