This is evidenced by the Zhangzhung/Proto-Iranian connection found via earlier versions of the Gesar Lingpa epic, which comes from there via ancient Turkey, which is where the PIE pre-vedic dharma of the primordial twins and the third, the lightning wielding dragon slayer comes from as well, the elixir of immortality, and its associated soma practices and myths, and therefore the vedas, upanishads, tantra, and also the Uddiyana teachings of Wrathful Lotus Born Precious Teacher, from the Penetration of Meaning, the original Great Perfection tantra from over 18,000 years ago – from when we first left the caves. (SHOW TANTRA AND GIVE EXPLANATION). This is probably the first time in all of history that this has been traced and said out loud coherently, let alone written down for posterity. I wonder if you will take it seriously enough to awaken to the reality called Sanctuary and the Sanctuary System. You can fuck around with every other dharma, but honestly, you are fucking around and your fucking around is fucking everyone around who can’t stop themselves from fucking around, especially around you if you’re fucking around them. So stop yourself from fucking around because nobody being fucked around likes being fucked around in the round that goes around since sentient beings dont even like being around fucking around in the round unless they are fucking themselves around, especially since what goes around comes around in the fuck-around-fuck-a-round-around-fucking-around-around-a–round-roundabout-fucking-around. This is how your meditation should be like. 24/7 while you benefit beings. Now awaken without an iota of merit. This is auspicious. Virtue! You're welcome. Obstacle overcome: to be 100% clear: there is no possible way your intellectual capacity is higher than the wisdom mind’s and everything I am saying to you is FULLY CITED or stated on the authority of my teacher’s lineage’s authenticity and its authority to give him authority to authorize me to be an authority on what you don’t know yet but is inconceivably amazing and beneficial because you have it locked away, self-secret within your own mind (because you’re in denial, remember?). If you have already found continuous refuge in the parasol of this particular lineage of authority from the Greatly Able Shakyamuni Buddha, the Awakened One, the Conqueror, the Killer of Inner Demons, the Foe Destroyer, the Compassionate One, the Great Being, the Awakened Being and you have therefore prayed for this type of array of auspicious coincidences to occur and the rain of blessings from the cloud of dharma from the dragon’s celestial abode with your entire being countless, countless times… then be silent, still, open, in a truly comfortable posture, and read in contemplation of bodhichitta so you don’t seep any merit. This is a truly high level practice, do you even have the basic mindfulness to read this way for the multiple hours straight, over and over, that it will take you to comprehend this book? Yes. You need to read this entire book from start to finish, without getting lost and with your body like a corpse as much as possible except for turning the page. Definitely do not speak or listen to music. Do not take notes. Read. Then go back and take notes. Go read it again. That’s right. This is how I was taught, okay? Read this book over and over until you’re an idiot and want to join my ascension funnel here at directascension.com. DONKEY DICK QUOTE AND RIGDZIN PEMA STORY ABOUT LAMA TARCHIN RINPOCHE. AND PATRUL RINPOCHE QUOTE ABOUT NGAKPA MORONS AND DUDJOM R QUOTE ABOUT REAL DEMONS AND EXORCISM AND NGAKCHANG R QUOTE ABOUT “IF YOU CAN FEEL THE FIVE ELEMENTS” FROM DISTILLING

