	May all sentient beings have bliss free from suffering
	May all sentient beings abide in equanimity free from attachment and  aggression to those near or far

+Shamatha/Vipassana 	
+Dedication of merit
	By this merit may all obtain omniscience
	May it defeat the enemy, wrongdoing
	From the stormy waves of birth, old-age, sickness, and death
	From the ocean of samsara, may I free all beings
Conditional +Extra prayers
The Nine Considerations
	Essentially this is a bodhisattva’s decision tree. If it makes your head explode, you’re not a very good bodhisattva, yet.

Business section

Meaning of value
	= actualization of dream outcome related to product’s competitive advantage
Meaning of transaction
	= buying the promise of competitive advantage
Meaning of offer
	= grand slam, eliminates obstacles 
Businesses are like countries
Can business change the world? 
Owning a business means
Giving people what they need in the form of growth opportunities
Product
USP = this is a phenomenon that has such and such wasteland and sanctuary synergies 
Employment 
Meaning of startup
	= search of X-undelivered competitive advantage 
Meaning of innovation
	= ability to deliver X competitive advantage with less obstacles
Meaning of product
	= valuable X that people obtain competitive advantage from
Meaning of valuable user experience 
	= gaining said competitive advantage from a product
Difference between strict capitalism and buddhist capitalism
Strict capitalism says any transaction is good
Buddhist capitalism restricts good transactions to those within the boundaries of the nine considerations
Plug = bizzi.app (co-founded this)

Business Buddhism section
What is the value of the dharma?
Obviously priceless, but people pay very little and depends on some people to give tons
Which feels like forced generosity
BUT
What is the value of the wisdom we learn from the dharma in creating grand slam offers?
VERY HIGH in terms of benefit to the buyer and perceived value (UX)
What is the value of the goods we make in business? 
Temporary
BUT
What is the value of the goods we make in business IF WE ALSO SERVE THE CONTAINER OF DHARMA TO ENJOY THEM IN?
PRICELESS in terms of benefit to society
DHARMA
MAKES
CAPITALISM
BETTER

Will you make an aspiration? Will you donate $10 to help? 
Meaning of bodhi-preneur (someone who undertakes complete awakening of self and others)
Vimalakirti
Thangtong Gyalpo as Entrepreneur Bodhisattva Archetype
Eighty mahasiddha examples?

Types of business Buddhist meditation: 

Merit accounting
We will ruthlessly account for all the meritorious properties of an action and we will ruthlessly make efficient our activity
Likewise we will ruthlessly account for how our money is working
And ruthlessly account for whether or not sentient beings benefit from us at all

How to practice
Daily practice
In general
But specifically, I would do…
Business practice
In general, at the workplace
In entrepreneurship, applied practice


The American religion 

Industriousness 
Innovation 


Work = money =
Support Family = church
Go on Vacation = personal cultivation


Bringing yourself online refers to accomplishing different ascension levels via overcoming their obstacles to ascension


Shamatha = your mind developing concentration, focus, mindfulness, one pointedness 

Vipassana = your mind developing awareness of insight. Insight is a synthesis function between thoughts, intuition, knowledge, belief, and the environment. 

Trekcho = shamatha on the view, not parting from naturally Identityless knowing as phenomena arise 

Thogal = trekchod with shamatha on postures and vipassana of reality through the symbolic inner lights


THE MAIN THING IS TO UNDO SHAME AND BLAME AND COMVERT IT INTO BLISSFUL METAMORPHOSIS IN SANCTUARY INDUCED BY UNCONDITIONAL COMPASSION FOR ONESELF AND OTHERS


