Then we have the Sanctuary System. Listen, I am not going to lie to you about or deceive you with or about this in any way (because of the inconceivably harsh punishment that would be enacted on my own mindstream by the protectors, obviously). In the Sanctuary System, we promise (truly develop the vow on our mindstreams, WITHOUT A RITUAL) to completely unlock the wisdom mind’s capacity to benefit beings, no matter what, and benefit them, however possible. As such, we will, from the outset, NEVER think of sentient beings as anything other than Wisdom Mavericks named Olivus Sanctuary-Everything-Victory-Everywhere who don’t know themselves and thus are Demon Champions that must obliterate their own ignorance of their own freewill. We cannot convince them because we cannot speak their language, with its totally inconceivable polysemy and trap loops and dead ends of denial. Instead, we sit there and wait for the birds of Sanctuary to sing songs they understand. That’s how transmission happens. It is about recognition in a mirror. Therefore, we strive to emanate from Sanctuary as Olivus Victory-Promise trying to accomplish the mission of Sanctuary by ascending to Olivus Victory-Ability, themselves, ourselves, now, FOR ALL OF US, BECAUSE THEY REALLY, REALLY, REALLY, ACTUALLY ARE OLIVUS VICTORY-PROMISE.

So because my teacher made me “Acharya” without having a lineage to make me “Acharya” in, and it’s not like becoming an “Acharya” in an Ati-Yoga lineage without anything to teach at all besides saying “THE MIDDLE!” or “[]” is not something recognizable to people, although it is a hilarious joke to give to a student, I have to tell you how I left my teacher’s tutelage. 

“I’m sure you will be able to benefit so many beings, so you should show this to people and see what they think. Slowly, slowly, and if people like it, show them more. Don’t bring this out publicly until you know it works. Maybe it’s your secret heart terma.”

I said
“You think it’s okay to unseal it like that?”
“That’s why I said slowly. You have to unseal it to find out, right?”

So I took this to mean a few things simultaneously. 1) he doesn’t recognize his potential to help sentient beings with this, by helping to put it in front of bodhisattva rinpoches who know about termas. 2) he doesn’t think it’s a terma, he’s making fun of me and telling me to unseal it to find out and pop my arrogant bubble. 3) he thinks if he does this, he will be a great teacher and help me gain some kind of amazing realization that he has that allows him to sit in meditation all day without contacting people who love him, let alone benefiting connected beings. 4) he thinks his meditation gives him powers to help people but has literally zero evidence of that being the case other than whatever benefit he has brought to me, since I’m his only serious student who practices 24/7 (and even then “there are levels of 24/7”). 5) he thinks his level of 24/7 is inconceivable to me even though I know exactly what his meditation is like and he misconceives mine. 6) these are all really amazing teachings given to me about my own ignorance and pride and so on by a Buddha so powerful he teaches through miraculous symbolism. Wow!
7) Finally, I took this as meaning that even if I were to unseal a totally made up “dharma that fell from the sky on top of my house” kind of thing, and it were not real, not from a vision, my visions were delusional, and I was a crazy person and so on, it would unseal my samaya. Through the force of boundary and directionality from my vows, this would actually also COERCE inner wisdom play inherent in phenomena to try to break my ignorance and shatter my demon Rudra, which would in turn bestow accomplishment after uncountable eons of vajra hell. If I’m right, the inner wisdom play coming to kill me is nothing but Mara’s continual funhouse, and the fear of being a demon rudra is non-existent to beings in Sahaja. So, since I’m a sentient being of Sahaja, I took that gamble. Since