I have been a student of vajrayana buddhism for 10 years. In that time, I have completed over 18,000 hours of meditation, much of it under direct guidance of Ngakchang Yeshe Namgyal Rinpoche (who was among the first westerners recognized as an incarnate lama and subsequently became a “hidden yogi” but auspiciously lived down the street from me), and he bestowed upon me the title of Acharya or instructor. As such, I am clearly authorized to give instructions on being Buddhist,  practicing Buddhism, and what is or isn’t “buddhist” in terms of cultural expression. Specifically, the type of Buddhist I was trained as is called a kusuli or idiot, which means a lazy and simple bodhisattva. More specifically, someone who actualizes the kusuli way is called a gomchen or great meditator. Overall, the kusuli way is based on continual peak performance of the paramitas.  

For much of my working life, which has been less than a decade, I tried to break into film. While I failed to break into writing, I made a little progress in physical production and became an assistant and started to find big budget feature jobs. One day on set in Oklahoma, I witnessed my first lightning shutdown - a “30/30 call” (because if you hear thunder within 30 seconds of seeing lightning, production has to shutdown for 30 minutes). These rolled on all day. I sensed the frustration in the crew. We were shooting inside. I asked a producer what was going on and he explained they didn’t have a good way to ground the generators for lightning. I decided to investigate. After a few days I had found all of the regulations involved in the mire that resulted in such an asinine SOP. Being industrious, from this I started my first company, Ribcage Solutions, now THE lightning protection rentals company for film productions, renting our patent-pending mobile generator lightning protection kit that enables production units to continue powering generators during lightning storms. Therefore, I am also minimally qualified to talk about business.

For anybody who thinks I am not a serious person doing serious things while taking themselves too seriously, here’s what I’m up to now: 

Working in lightning protection was a little too cryptic for me, as a bodhisattva, though, so from there I started a company called TWI (The Wisdom Intent). TWI is developing the Sanctuary System, the world’s first virtue and intelligence alignment startup. 

Let me introduce you to the first business buddhist: Vimalakirti, the Lichhavi merchant who was so rich he had an entire palace he kept empty just to help less realized bodhisattvas realize identitylessness by bursting their pride at being non-money-having mendicant “bodhisattvas”. Not only was Vimalakirti (name means Stainless Renown) so good at business that he was the richest man in his city, but he was also so good at spiritual practice that he was also the most meritorious practitioner — without ever having pretended to be pious by begging (rather, he provided value — more on that later). In fact, he was so overall wealthy, in both worldly and spiritual dimensions, that his very presence was overpowering to nearly everyone except the Buddha himself, other Buddhas, and high level bodhisattvas from other world systems. Why? Because everyone around him was so worried they were going to get busted by the wisdom eye. People didn’t get that way with the Buddha but for some reason they reacted to vimalakirti that way. When he was around, otherwise seemingly well-trained bodhisattvas would start losing their minds. Why did this happen to them? Because they couldn’t fathom the inconceivable jewel mind of Bodhichitta, and were pretending to have love for sentient beings. Yikes, that is embarrassing! The rest of the book is essentially to explain why it is the case that if you are a Buddhist, you can and probably should be providing the utmost ordinary and extraordinary value to sentient beings (ie being in business and being in spiritual business [which is different than materialism, okay? Again, business is NOT MATERIALISM]). Along the way, I’ll also share the best practices that have led me to success in both arenas.




