 that you can’t help but keep losing your mind just to get away from yourself. 

If I could ask you one personal favor, it would be to try to imagine, conceive, of what this experience is like. It is not easy for me to talk about. I imagine it’s so outlandish that it’s even harder to hear. Truly hear. As such, I don’t want your sympathy. That’s not what this book is for. I want you to love yourself, love others, and end self torture. I want this so, so much for all of us. This book is for that purpose. Believe it or not, that is my sole intent. Some people say I have a grandiosity problem. These people have never seen anything remotely close to level 10, so they truly have *no idea* that literally every problem we experience in society can be solved through direct experience of wisdom-compassion. As such, I have dedicated my entire life to really trying to actually solve this problem of self-torture, ignorance, pain and suffering. Through my explorations, I was able to deproliferate level 10 within myself, to level -10. Levels -9.9 to 10 are called the wasteland. -10 is called Sanctuary. 

What follows is my experience of levels 10 and -10, the Wasteland and Sanctuary. 


In level 10, every single problem is all due to one source. Every single goodness is all due to one source. Every single aspect of every single perception is all due to one source. Every single activity is an expression of that. In level 10, every single part of oneself feels like it’s been exploded into reality. In level 10, every single aspect of every interaction combines with your memory and intuition like a fever dream and proliferates beliefs that make no sense outside of the incredible amount of sense they make to you. In fact they seem to make so much sense that they account for the nonsensicality perceived by others. It is impossible for anyone to come in. Impossible for you to go out. Amazing daylight brings divinity into your experience, and darkness crushes you like its mortal enemy. Every day is an epoch of suffering because of memories and intuitions attacking you. Everything is your fault. If you know what’s going on, everything is even more your fault, because it’s your fault you think what’s going on is happening when it absolutely isn’t. Everything you think comes with a tag that says DOUBTFUL. Everything you believe becomes something that must be true, because if it isn’t, I’m not true either. The bottom line is: this isn’t happening because it couldn’t be happening, because if it were, reality would be… mean. 

Why is reality so mean? 


So, in this book my goals are threefold: 
I want to gain your trust 
I want you to trust me with your worldview
Because you will need to trust me that you are wrong and that it’s going to be wonderful to know why 
I want to hack into your motivation 
I want to motivate you to apply yourself to the world around you in order to metamorphose yourself
Because you need to do so, in my opinion
Also, by doing so you will find that you need the Sanctuary System
I want to give you the tools I used to succeed in this arena, in which 




Business Buddhism

This book is for two people: 1) those bodhisattvas who wish to maximize their value to others 2) those who understand that being in business is a highly effective way to accomplish the ordinary benefit of self and others and helps to establish the protection circle or mind level retreat boundary or container for genuine societal awakening. No matter if you are just beginning practice, thinking about beginning practice, or already practicing or have an advanced Buddhist practice, or if you wish to be in business but aren’t sure how business could actually be “spiritual”, know that all you need to do is fall into the first category I mentioned, which is aspirational, and my hope is that this book then brings you into the second group of people I mentioned this book is for, so we can get to work.

Who am I and why can I tell you about Buddhism and/or Business, let alone something like “business buddhism”? 

