Now, I don’t have stainless renown because I have harmed many people in my life. For everything and to everyone, I am sorry. Please tell me if you remember anything like that so I can know and we can work to purify it by sitting in tonglen meditation together with good intentions, if you would like. 
Sometimes this happens to people that they do such things and later decide to turn their mind to the dharma and actualize the heart of awakening. Sometimes they reveal termas, everyone hates them and bullies them, and they die, and literally nobody ever even looks at the teachings! So I just basically decided to become an anonymous businessman but then it hit me that that is unskillful and impossible in this day and age. Thus, I discovered this lineage transmission right in front of my eyes, which I wrote the entire context of down here. What follows is for both of our benefits. Sarva mangalam siddhir astu!

Book 2: Level 10+
My experience of self-torture. Ends with overcoming psychosis, self-hypnosis and introducing Sanctuary System

The actual Sanctuary System Book
Includes the overview of the practices associated with the outer routine and the inner secret gathering circle
You should really ascend
What is your obstacle?
Here is a list
Here are the overcomes
What is the problem, further?
Oh, fractal micro karmic mountain problems
Yes, let’s investigate
Here is a list
Here are the overcomes
Proven to work. Wanna see this amazing, inconceivable and most precious jewel for yourself?
Later books: 

Sanctuary: Finding Your Primordial Soulmate
About relationships, family, love, friendship, enemies
Primordial lovers
How to keep Bodhichitta all the time, aspirationally, and then notice when it can be applied because of your failures and be strong enough to sacrifice yourself to create benefit

Sanctuary Science: Sanctuary Systems and Emergent Flow Dynamics 
About the title. Includes economics, etc.

Sanctuary the story 
The story

I WANNA SJOW YOU WHOYOU THINK YOU ARE SO that you can transform your pain into something valuable to others 
Vimalanatha

Dōgen, the founder of the Sōtō school of Japanese Zen, acknowledged in his lifetime that such a phenomenon exists. According to Hee-Jin Kim,
... enlightenment-by-oneself, without a teacher (mushi-dokugo), [is] the ultimate Zen principle that every practitioner had to actualize, even while studying under competent teachers and reading the sutras for a number of years. Dōgen provided this well known dictum with a specific methodological/hermeneutic key that allowed one to unlock the mystery of existence—that is, to open the self and the universe. That key amounted, in essence, to critical, reflective thinking as an integral part of meditation. Without this key, it was impossible to attain one's own salvific independence ... Meditation and wisdom alike had to be subjected to critical scrutiny and reassessed in the changing situation.[6]
Samyutta Nikaya 
"Monks, any desire-passion with regard to the eye is a defilement of the mind. Any desire-passion with regard to the ear... the nose... the tongue... the body... the intellect is a defilement of the mind. When, with regard to these six bases, the defilements of awareness are abandoned, then the mind is inclined to renunciation. The mind fostered by renunciation feels malleable for the direct knowing
of those qualities worth realizing."[3]

Read MCMindfulness and MAKE A RESPONSE CAMPAIGN ???
How to contact author and ally 
Additional funnel???  

MARXIST IDEA OF WAGE THEFT: look, actually, this notion is from when workers were treated so poorly and people were dying in the factories. Yes, it’s true. When you have those conditions, workers are not being paid for the value they create. It's simultaneously true, however, that compared to the bourgeois capitalists they claim are stealing their wages, the proletariat really don’t create much value at all, do they? Look at the ideal here: 

