BUSINESS BUDDHIST — is about my experience with Dr Kaplan and Trekchod Ling and it blows up right at the end and reveal that none of the stories regarding “one time at trekchod ling” are exactly true because Lama-la didn’t directly teach me about business or dharma really but rather was simply doing everything that resulted in nothing his whole life, except apparently meditating and becoming a lama, getting a PhD, and teaching — all “incredible feats of discipline considering that a Great Incarnate Being can become anything they want” but meditating how, becoming a Lama how, getting a PhD in what and how and doing what with it, and teaching what to whom and how effectively? And being a great incarnate being in what respect and due to recognition of expression of what and how? 
As such, throughout the book are sprinkled tons of accounts of jokes and riddles from Lama-la, the pith, and then at the end, they all come crashing down from high absorption back to reality. But then, the full meaning is brought into view — THE MIDDLE. 

Then, my intention: 

My intention in this book is to use dharma marketing techniques to make a dharma funnel with absolutely amazing benefits that I sell at quite a high price to a great deal of people in one-to-one environments. The high price is all of your negativity. The material cost is whatever you need to pay to believe that this can happen, in your own mind. So it’s free, unless you feel like you need to make a stronger connection to me with your intention in order to direct your mindstream so I can try to help guide you to the invisible wormhole via signs and you can go to the pure land of Vimalakirti’s Vajra Value Chain and Lineage of Chain-Holder Mantrapreneurs. First, finding yourself first in the Acquisition Funnel and having ascended to the second chain link called “Opening a Value Shop.” Then, “Emanating a Value Chain”, which ends when you fully ascend to having your own value chain that helps other people make value shops that emanate value chains. At that point, I offer you an equal partnership in a new venture that we find ourselves, and we benefit people and change the world for the better, in larger and larger ways, as more of our value chain emanating value shops combine together to make a Vajra Value Chain in the Vajra Value Chain-Holder Lineage. 

Public title: 

Business Buddhist Blueprint: how to Accumulate Material and Spiritual Wealth by making Compassion extremely valuable (through turning your offerings into offers that benefit everyone)

Inner cover title: 
The Nyonpa Adventures of the Altercocker Aku Tormapa and the Little Pischer Yogi A La La Ho: 
From Trekchod Ling to Vimalakirti’s Throne

Or

My Training with the Madman Meditator: from the refuge island of spontaneous tension cutting to Stainless Renown’s Throne

Secret title at the end: 
Vimalakirti’s Vajra Value Chain and the Vajra Value Chain-Holder Lineage of Mantrapreneurs 

Double secret title:
Glimpses of Sanctuary: Praxis of Anarchocryptowisdomism

See, my teacher is incredibly special. He is a nyonpa emanation of Thangtong Gyalpo, King of the Void Expanse. Although he himself has never revealed directly to me that this is true, I, myself have always seen him this way from before I met him and when I searched for, discovered, used a huge portion of my savings (like 40%) to purchase TTG iron ore and get it smelted into custom phurba and rings and offered it to him, he started to get healthier and engage in more activity. Incredible! As such, he transmitted to me an entire lineage of madness inducing rambling practices called jokes and riddles and I’ve become truly quite good at telling them because I’m a demon champion with a great disguise. Think about it.
If you’re a demon champion and you don’t want your own wisdom to forcefully exorcize you, definitely don’t try to be a dharma teacher, and especially don’t sit on a high throne, unless you’re like vimalakirti and have STAINLESS RENOWN. But if you ever end up on a high throne, be careful not to be Aku Tormapa the Greater, always the Lesser, because as the zen people say “all you’re left with at the end is a good laugh.” 

