In capitalism, the business owner is the one that founds a process to deliver a good or service to someone who has a problem without it. So that’s valuable, automatically. Is it ethically valuable? Pure capitalism is ruled by fiduciary responsibility and so anytime anyone makes money or successfully completes a transaction and gets an advantage from it, it’s ethical, just, and compassionate. 

Now, whether that is ultimately true is up for debate. I would say it is true in degrees of relativity. It’s true |transactions = compassion + justice| when they benefit everyone, but what about otherwise? 

Actually, the Buddha has a formula for this in the abhaya sutra and the Tibetan master Patrul Rinpoche has an elaboration on it in the Nine Considerations. Let’s look at those to analyze whether or not transactions are always compassionate and just in capitalism. 

Here’s a good contemplation: am I saying it’s just when a person buys a gun, even when that person subsequently enters the role of being an active shooter? In that case, only the person generating the intention to enter that role would be acting unethically. Additionally, it would seem to indicate that the meaning of Justice is simply the law of the land… in the sanctuary system, Justice is any time a sanctuary system is conserved and preserved and any time pollution is reduced. 
(NEEDS MORE ->>>) 

Three SMALL-MEDIUM BUSINESS OWNER PSYCHOGRAPHIC MOTIVATIONAL AVATARS:

RARE:
Mountain climbers: trying to build something and want to overcome the challenge and win (climb highest peaks). They worship the altar of REVENUE. Will trade ownership for revenue

MAJORITY
Freedom fighters: trying to gain independence. Want to do whatever however they want. Will throttle back revenue to retain ownership 

Craftspeople: theory heavy person motivated by mastery

Create an infinite economy for everyone by making every transaction an arbitrage between wisdom and ignorance based on providing value via methods to overcome pain point obstacles experienced at relative levels of ignorance
//
Corrupted/Wasteland capitalism = convincing people to buy goods and services that will ostensibly help them become happy but definitely cannot actually lead the customer to that, themselves, as a user/customer experience. Being fulfilled after buying a rolls Royce requires you to have a certain worldview, but ostensibly you’re being sold that since the only requirement of it is “owning a rolls Royce”. When this isn’t true, you have some epiphany like “money doesn’t buy fulfillment” but then this gives you appreciation and you feel like buying the Rolls Royce had something to do with the cognitive pathway that synthesized the epiphany you had and all of a sudden now money did buy fulfillment, in a way. Don’t get trapped. While it’s true that categorically these sequences happen that way, it is also true that the rolls Royce is fulfilling a role in a formula and you are not guaranteed by rolls Royce to magically configure the rest of the formula when you get a Rolls Royce because they packaged the worldview and sold it to you in a corrupted, wasteland proliferation way that can’t actually help you, itself, do anything except for either engage in wasteland proliferation things and get proliferated upon/into/etc or maintain continuous bodhichitta activity as the proliferation extinguishes itself on its own. This is because they didn't understand what they were doing or making.

