 this all started because something like that gamble already happened in my previous lifetimes (that I remember), I’m sure this won’t work (again) but I do have to try because that’s what bodhisattvas do and even though I am a sentient being of Sahaja, I do aspire to be a bodhisattva hero. So, I have to try. Maybe it’s the most exaggerated act of “compassion” anyone has ever embarked on. Sorry about my aspirational skill level, because if it were really up there, I would really be helping you. Without further adieu:

This is my non-Buddhist dharma that fell from the sky and landed on top of my house, completely annihilated it, me, you, and suspended me in darkness, whereupon wisdom mind sparked and revealed amazing sunlight. This is the Sanctuary System whereby you can tell yourself the story of how you discovered your true self and escaped self-torture, which is called “Olivus Victory-Promise from Sanctuary.”


SUFFERING, PAIN, DIS-EASE, or DUKKHA (sanskrit) really ought, according to Bikkhu Analayo, to mean “UNABLE TO STAND EASILY/DIFFICULT TO STAND” and should convey that sense of discomfort, dis-ease and so on. Also, it makes a lot of sense because then we can see how later on the opposite SUKHA was used to create SUKHAVATI, the pure land that is easiest to go to and once you go there you become a Buddha quite fast. But it’s not like Saha is called DUKHAVATI (unable to stand, full of, property) and yet also it might as well be because that term is hilariously descriptive of what is actually at hand in co-emergent reality (samsara and nirvana’s one taste). These kinds of jokes make it OBVIOUS when you’re getting it and when you’re not. If you’re not getting it, just get that! Even funnier is that if you consider being an INFANT then you know it is difficult to STAND and especially you would need to be careful of any MURDERERS of INFANT ASPIRATIONS TO STAND like for example MARA (root mrt, ie murder) who might be the one that keeps KNOCKING YOU DOWN. Accordingly, you better go to SUKHAVATI by gathering your intentions and aspiring to do so while conforming to the Mahayana sequence: recognition of DUKKHA, aspiration for NIRVANA or EXTINGUISHMENT, going for refuge, generating and increasing bodhichitta, paramita practice, dedication of merit. It should happen to you, that you go to “SUKHAVATI”, the “VERY FAR AWAY PLACE”, by traversing all those gazillions of yojanas in the ten directions LITERALLY INSTANTLY. Now, if you’re in a closed lotus in Sukhavati, one really good way to accumulate merit is to read Future Buddha (LINK). I would really appreciate you interacting with the merit field I’m trying to assemble for all of us. (Thank you <3)
Maybe also called “BUSINESS BUDDHIST: How to Make Money Applying Compassion AND Obtain Spiritual Wealth in the World Where Business is Done and Wars are Fought, Mental Health risks abound, and Psychedelics are marketed, Destroying Negativity while evolving a Psycho-socioeconomic System that benefits everyone. 

So the secret name is:
([The Infinitely Positive Radiance of the Lotus [called Sanctuary Nexus])

Thanks Bill Bothwell for the title
Future Buddha?
Why keep things secret? Even if everyone knows how it is before they know how it is through experience, if it really is what it is then it’ll still be self-secret until they know, and if we are all talking about it correctly then they can go faster. The infinite game doesn’t break if we all play it and know we’re playing it, so let’s stop that. 
Anarchocryptowisdomism
That’s why it’s not going to be business Buddhism. It’s Sanctuary. 

Now read -> Sanctuary book 


Have you ever seen this graph of levels of feelings of pain? They say that 10 is exponentially higher than 9.9. They say that 10 is a purely psychological phenomenon. 10 = psychosis. That is to say the most painful thing a human being can experience is being divorced from reality, factioned against it, as if it were the Destroyer of everything good. A living nightmare so intense