The buddha reveals to the arhat through the bodhisattva via the vidyadhara/mahasiddha that mahasiddhas simply remember who they are and have to help people whereas the bodhisattva just doesnt remember and the arhat cannot become a bodhisattva until he accepts his own denial because his arhatship is coupled with his inability to teach the dharma with full confidence in the miraculous ability of the Buddha. Only then can he recognize it and become a Buddha.

But then, the bodhisattva path is so long. So the new bodhisattva goes to his friend’s teacher, the Vidyadhara. The Vidyadhara teaches him how to do it instantaneously, but now he is back in the same place as Arhatship but without the ability to help anyone. He understands miraculous teaching ability, but then he also sees that sentient beings in the six realms are still ignorant of samsara and nirvana’s one taste, and so he goes back to help them. After sending hundreds of emanations, none of them actually really benefit anyone. Eventually, he has sent so many emanations, but none of them actually really seem to do anything themselves, it always has to do with so many other sentient beings and other bodhisattva’s emanations. So then he realizes he has wrong view and actually it’s about everyone doing it altogether - more evolutionary than one single observer consciousness would be able to comprehend, because that’s how Indra’s Net works in order to reflect everything into anything and so on. Upon realizing Indra’s Net, he realizes that nothing more needs to be done by him, but can’t be said that nothing needs to be done, and so there is no “him” to do it. Likewise, no sentient beings are left to be liberated, and yet sentient beings can’t be said to be liberated completely because samsara is endless, so there are no sentient beings to benefit. Finally, because there really isn’t a Buddhadharma that exists besides the silent realization and complete coming-to-confidence of the intended meaning of the Middle Way, there is really no teaching, and therefore nothing at all, that can be given to anyone, but since it can’t be said that there is no teaching or that sentient beings do not need it, he is going to become an emanation named Vimalakirti. 

1) this is cool, but nobody is here, that doesnt affect wisdom… 
2) that is a silly view, because you are obviously in denial of the fact that you don’t understand anatta or non-self to the complete full degree the Buddha did, since when the Buddha attained it, he effortlessly spoke the Buddhadharma to benefit sentient beings, and arhats can’t do that at all. As a result, we will now endeavor to benefit all sentient beings through a) being an arhat, and b) becoming a buddha so we can actually help them become buddhas since we can’t really do that until we know how. C) We promise never to give up and always to continue until samsara ends (NOTICE IT DOESNT SAY UNTIL SUFFERING ENDS).
3) this is a really amazing view so as part of it we need to find a way to actualize it as soon as possible and then strive to do that with every fiber of our entire being. As such, we are willing to gamble with our future lifetimes in exchange for a faster chariot. 

