Actually, book should be targeted towards those who are already successful in the worldly realm but don’t understand why they are unfulfilled and want to explore what it truly means to maximize themselves. There are not many people like this out there, but my hope is that this book serves as a signpost for “game to recognize game” since we are successful to the same extent in opposite arenas, and yet the spiritual spectrum works a little bit differently such that without a guide you will get lost. 

SECTIONS OF THE BOOK:

So because this is about BUSINESS BUDDHISM, let’s first talk about BUDDHISM and then BUSINESS and then BUSINESS BUDDHISM.

Buddhism:
The four noble truths
The noble eightfold path
What is right livelihood?

What is bodhichitta?
What are the four immeasurables?
What are the paramitas?
What are the four thoughts? 

Meaning of six realms and why they exist
Meaning of each of the abodes? 
Meaning of god-realm
Meaning of warrior-realm and why it is the ideal realm for entrepreneurs 
How to use emotion (awareness’ mirror of sentient beings)
Can religion change the world?
Can we start a country? 

Buddhism section subsection 1:
Cosmology
Six Realms
Abodes
Gods
Jealous gods
Humans
Animals
Hungry ghosts
Hells
Psychosymbolic interpretations
Windhorse = Momentum / Positive Force
Wangtang = Excellent Windhorse endowed with positivity of 3 higher realms
Pure realm psychosymbolic interpretation is then any realm with a teacher
Pure realm of “Vimalakirti’s Shop” (probably goes in section 3)
You are in Vimalakirti’s Shop: every good and service that destroys obstacles is available to you if you have enough money to afford it. You get money from working, which means delivering value by putting into practice your bodhichitta via the six paramitas as you complete any task involved in the supply or value chain of any good or service. Likewise, if you want to level-up your practice, you will need to *create* value instead of delivering it, which means starting a business (startup), developing a minimum viable product (MVP) and finding product-market-fit. It’s a great place to work. Enjoy yourself.
Every Buddhist Business is a Pure Realm (to some extent) and every Business Buddhist is a field of merit (to some extent)
Four Noble Truths

Buddhism section subsection 2:
Bodhichitta
This is the dedication of merit
By this merit may all obtain omniscience
May it defeat the enemy, wrongdoing
From the stormy waves of birth, old-age, sickness, and death
From the ocean of samsara, may I free all beings
Look at it. Feel it. Fathom it. There is an immense amount of strength welling forth from within these words. Every Buddha in all history and every one of their bodhisattva heirs has given birth to this wisdom intent in their hearts, completely of their own accord. This moment is the generation of the awakened heart, bodhichitta. If you have this experience, you are *empowered* to act accordingly, as a being of awakenment, a bodhisattva. That means to act in concert with all the other bodhisattvas and the Awakened Ones via the six paramitas. 
Buddhism section subsection 3:
Paramitas
Eightfold path is the structure for the avenues of the paramitas
Right in the eightfold path means “ideal”
Eightfold path is in essence about the DISPLAY of BODHICHITTA or KARUNA, which in this sense means MAHAKARUNA (great compassion, which is to be for the liberation of all sentient beings)
Merit

Buddhism section subsection 4:
There are lots of amazing books about buddhist practice and also one about meditation by me (The Future Buddha with Your Name: Miraculous Birth of the Compassionate One), so it would be completely pointless for me to write about it directly here, other than to say that this note that follows is the outline of the general practice structure for every session. 

Practice =
+Refuge
	I go for refuge to the Triple Gem: the Awakened One, the Truth, and Realized Beings.
+Bodhichitta
	From now until samsara is empty, I will strive for the benefit of myself and others.
+Four Immeasurables
	May all sentient beings have happiness and its cause
	May all sentient beings be free from suffering and its cause
