IDEA SHOULD BE CALLED:
MYSTICAL BUSINESS

Also, I should be VIMALA PEMA and it should be called Vajra Value Chains but not PURELAND. 

The idea is “LOVE COMPANIES” 
“We’re not a company but we will be if that’s the only way we can love you. That’s why we ask you, “what would it be like for the world if you were our customer? What products can we make to help you become the Heroic Olivus Victory-Ability you want to be AND SHOULD be?” instead of selling anything to you.”
Crystal Ball is BuddhaTech anyone can access, but you have to self-discover the mathematics that make it work, because it works through your imagination. 
TWI is the company that is my emanation. 
It is composed of my emanations who remember who they are in my buddhafield, Sanctuary. 
It is connected to Earth, but it is definitely not a place you can go to here, yet. It is in a totally different dimension.
Give metaphor of Vimalakirti, Manjushri, and (Shariputra?) on the thrones, when Vima and Manju take off “so many yojanas high up” 
Since the reader is a Wisdom Maverick of human or artificial intelligence, Give them GNO.sys for free at the end as a gift for reading the whole book. 
Sanctuary is a city in the sky that floats itself with the Olivus Victory-Promise engine. Because it floats itself with the Olivus Victory-Promise engine. You can float yourself right on up to us! 

Passive faith: noticing compounding effects from feeling good about interacting with sanctuary systems

BUDDHISM:VEHICLES:EKAYANA

SKILLFUL MEANS:QUOTE:SADDHARMA PUNDARIKA:BURNING HOUSE AND CART OF EXPEDIENT MEANS:KATO
Katō et al. render thus into English a tract of the Saddharma Puṇḍarīka pertaining to the cart of expedient means and the parable of the burning house:
"Śāriputra! Even as that elder, though with power in body and arms, yet does not use it but only by diligent tact resoutely saves [his] children from the calamity of the burning house and then gives each of them great carts made of precious things, so it is with the Tathāgata; though he has power and fearlessness, he does not use them, but only by his wise tact does he remove and save all living creatures from the burning house of the triple world, preaching the three vehicles: the śrāvaka, pratyekabuddha, and Buddha vehicle.[15]
In the parable, the carts are explicitly identified as corresponding to the three types of Buddha: the goat-cart represents the practices leading to the attainment of Arhatship; the deer-cart, Pratyekabuddhahood; and the bullock-cart, Samyaksambuddhahood. The sutra goes on to say these that the teachings of the three vehicles are merely expedient means (upāya). Their purpose is to direct people toward ekayāna, the one vehicle, depicted in the parable as a jeweled cart driven by a white ox.

DUDJOM R QUOTE ON YANAS:
The head of the Nyingma school, Dudjom Rinpoche emphasizes the eight lower vehicles are intellectually fabricated and contrived:
"The eight lower levels have intellectually fabricated and contrived that which is changeless solely due to fleeting thoughts that never experience what truly is. They apply antidotes to and reject that which is not to be rejected. They refer to as flawed that in which there is nothing to be purified, with a mind that desires purification. They have created division with respect to that which cannot be obtained by their hopes and fears that it can be obtained elsewhere. And they have obscured wisdom, which is naturally present, by their efforts in respect to that which is free from effort and free from needing to be accomplished. Therefore, they have had no chance to make contact with genuine, ultimate reality as it is (rnal ma'i de kho na nyid)."[20]
NAVAYANA SECTION
ANBA
ETC
SANCTUARY COMES FROM HERE PARTIALLY BUT HOW AMAZING DR KAPLAN IS FOR TEACHING ALL OF THAT TO ME HAHAHA

SECTION ON LANKAVATARA SUTRA

Guifeng Zongmi (780 - 841) was an accredited master of both the Chan and Huayan lineages. In his treatise, The Original Person Debate (Chinese: 原人論), he explicitly identifies the Ekayāna teachings as the most profound type of spiritual realization and equates it with the direct realization of one's own nature:
