So in capitalism this idea of individualism and freedom has been weaponized by demon champions into polluted products that claim to help you become who you want to be. You should know that actually they can’t do that at all because attaining perfect knowledge of self-actualization within individualistic systems without recognition of collective humanity is simply a moronic proposition (mathematically impossible). You have been sold an impossible, ignoble lie. For that reason, individualism and freedom need to be defined more clearly. Individualism is the view of individuals being able to solve collective problems through self-organization based on freedom, combined with motivation from the implication of death (make no money) upon being unable to conform, and the guarantee that you will be physically forced (to some degree) to preserve the system if you actually threaten it in any way. This can be execution or it can be fees. Overall it is just the law, which is always just because it is the law of the system that works for the people who made it. If you don’t find that “just justice” then you’ve just instanced yourself inside a blighted land hero’s journey. This means you just dove headfirst into the Sanctuary Railgun with a one-way ticket to the Sanctuary dimension, to the place Olivus Victory-Promise is from. When you stumble upon the trigger, the demon champion named “you” will be obliterated and you will suddenly find your true-non-self, awakening as Olivus Victory-Promise from Sanctuary. This is called transmission of, or introduction to, the “metaphorical transference” process. Metaphorical transference is the use of imagination to create allegories containing multi-layered meanings via riddles and jokes. 

(Examples, including contemporary like Alex hormozi HGT and acquisition.com and Dan Kennedy No BS [not bsing people means the thing is what it says ie the godfather offer must actually work]) 

These are then conveyed as a type of story because we plan ourselves through the hero’s journey. It is effective at inducing self-hypnosis that unlocks deep absorption states that increase perceptions of interconnectedness, especially in the form of polysemy or multiple meanings. 


Metaphorical transference occurs because of polysemic abstraction. Polysemy is multiple meanings so polysemic abstraction is when you generalize multiple meanings into a set and call it something that makes it seem like it isn’t a set, such that it makes an emergent semantic system where every other set that connects to the polysemically abstracted set can bloom through a polysemic generative grammar. To clarify, the new entity “Sanctuary” is more than the sum of its parts (emergent) because of the new semantics opened up by the specific properties of the polysemic abstraction amalgamating the entity. These new properties are due to generative grammatical syntax in the host language. 

Example: “we can go to Sanctuary” now actually does fucking mean something really fucking important that you really fucking need to fucking listen to and do because we all really fucking need to be there in order to feel safe and loved and also be our most authentic selves!!!

