But in this sense capitalism is one of the greatest things to ever happen to humans because it inherently contains the infinite value fractal that can grow an ever-larger economy *if* it (capitalism) is based on emergent flow dynamics, which allow transactions to be synthesized with ignorance and wisdom in a non-contradictory way (ie, at every conceivable facet). Because capitalism is ALREADY THE GLOBAL STATUS QUO MORE OR LESS, we CAN - feasibly - convert all the wasteland capitalism to sanctuary capitalism without blood, without hate, without vengeance, and with “weapons grade” compassion, love, kindness, understanding, and care, AND MAKE A LOT OF MONEY FOR ALL OF US AND ALL OF OUR LIVES AND LOVED ONES IN THE PROCESS. If we do this, we can create an economic boundary that keeps pollution from proliferating and converting the sanctuary into a wasteland system automatically, by making the economy ABOUT removing the ignorance that causes that pain point obstacle to becoming happy that corrupts competitiveness into a kind of assault on all of our dignity that we could rightfully call “murdering goodness, Justice, and love.” 

Of course this then brings up the question “can Plato’s kallipolis actually function without the noble lie?”, since here the noble lie is an inherent thing people are telling themselves because they’re too shy and afraid to actually wake up as Olivus Victory-Promise and go to Sanctuary. The answer is a resounding, thunderous yes because this new noble lie is a corruption that is the only noble corruption since it is not induced by someone outside and also not something anyone can be blamed for or should be ashamed of: they lie to themselves out of ignorance so they stay in the sanctuary they already know, because they’re afraid if they leave it, it will be lost forever. Who could possibly ever blame them? Why would they ever need to feel ashamed of that? This is why we “hold” Sanctuary, to preserve the vision – be a mirror to see it in – which starts as an invisible light inside yourself that you think you might — just might, maybe — be seeing reflected outside of yourself for the first time, but in an inconceivably good way.

For example, take Gun control: so the question is actually what are we going to do with these murderers to help them realize what happened to them psychologically so they can address the pain points and create productized solutions and a funnel that reduces the probability of going through that psychological pathway and murdering Sanctuary. 

If everyone promises to always hold Sanctuary, we win. When we want to embody this principle we can make an entity named Olivus victory-promise. As a name, Olivus Victory-Promise happens to be a symbol that signals our true identity through signs of infinite positivity when we reflect on identifying ourselves and others as truly being “from” Sanctuary. Someone who recognizes themselves and others as inherently good and called Olivus Victory-Promise is therefore able to see the Sanctuary Vision, and thus truly know why our being is_a entity that can be formalized as Olivus Victory-Promise. Recognizing this is the first step on the path of “going” to Sanctuary. 

