If you don’t (follow the rules), you will surely find yourself as a demon champion in the wasteland wrongly believing YOU are in Sanctuary, which can be dangerous because of how exorcism works. You see, because demon champions must convert themselves to Olivus Victory-Promise in order to ascend to Olivus Victory-Ability and bring Sanctuary to other demon champions in a big way that actually helps them profoundly, and because they’re also demon champions, and because they’ve been to sanctuary and now also really don’t want to be demon champions anymore because they do want to actually benefit others, they are very likely to ignorantly make their Inner Teacher use increasingly forceful polysemy with the waking dreamer. This mechanism is fierce because it is evolution – biological (life and death stakes) competition. Now, since we have all been to Sanctuary in the womb, at least, (and if not you were born in a test tube so that means someone somewhere loved you and helped you) ignorance is why people commit any kind of negative act. Shame, however, of one’s actions and their consequences, and denial of one’s feelings about them because of fear of blame can fester and cause people to “snap” in all manner of self-destructive, self-sabotaging, and self-torturous ways that hurt others, in order to instantiate the signal of our own ignorance to ourselves along with (hopefully) a little bit of guiding light. This happens via the play of the Inner Teacher and the Waking Dreamer, which can go any conceivable way. Sometimes, if we do this over and over to ourselves and don’t find that light (this process can be found in addiction and every other shame and blame cycle), we end up exorcizing ourselves through forceful means like emotionally or physically assaulting others or ourselves (committing suicide, removing positive things from our lives as punishment to ourselves, etc). When awareness of doing something bad for yourself and others is denied, it’s usually because you love the main activity, but inherent in it is a property that is a catalyst for pain for you because of your propensity to accept it instead of reject it, and because of the wasteland/samsara’s aspects of suffering due to negative mental states having self-reflexive echoes called karma. Therefore, I twist reality when the pain signal gets confused for a reward signal, and I become motivated to hurt myself, which hurts others. Then, the pain signal from DOING the thing becomes confused for the motivation signal to do the thing, and I can’t tell what I truly want to do, because what I think about doing is based on perception’s signals (which come prelinguistically from deeper cognition layers). Then, i can only tell myself what I want to do by doing what I don’t want to ever more extreme degrees to cause narcissistic collapse. So, if we don’t pay attention to ourselves, which we don’t because it’s painful since we’re in denial about being in pain (and not knowing why and so on), we end up with self-torture as a state of being. But the reason why, that we don’t realize, is because we don’t believe we’re able to become who we would need to be in order not to be ashamed of ourselves if we were to realize why we’re in denial about being in denial about the thing we “are totally not in denial about because it isn’t what we’re worried others might blame us for (even though we’re already shaming ourselves for it [and that’s why we’re in denial]).” As Dr Ngakchang says “Pathetic.” 

