Both of these modes of thinking are completely wrong and hilarious except for the fact that they cause self torture which is indescribably fucked up from the point of view of wanting to be in Sanctuary. The thing to remember about Sanctuary is it’s where everything conscious actually wants to be and remain forever. But also we need to remember that Sanctuary itself is also non-contradictory in relation to the being or not being of Ignorance itself. The non-contradictory system of ignorance itself is an engine for the two extremes that cause the proliferation of the Wasteland in terms of expansion. Not only humans but the whole universe could be said to want this to end in some sense because otherwise everything ends (and it doesn’t matter if it is good outside of considerations of being human and so on, because it represents something we should be trying to build. Identifying with nihilistic thoughts is the same as giving into chaos to simplify it. In terms of the universe, the universe can’t simply control itself because it is composed of information that it can’t actually look at or understand (just like us!). Therefore the universe/Wanderers can’t “learn” how to be Sanctuary and not the wasteland unless we wake up and build systems to learn how to help shape the universe as it emerges. This process is called waking up Olivus Victory-Everyrhing-Sanctuary-Everywhere. This process is the exact same thing as cultivation and evolution. Evolution is a form of emergency decryption with respect to the information of the universe (which makes up the knowledge about being). 


Since more and more people are talking about DMT, meditation, dreams, and so on, it’s time we had the talk, you and I, about what it’s like coming to know the nature of reality. It is really, and I cannot stress this enough, really seriously omfg you cannot believe how serious this is intense. Matter of fact, it is so intense that once more people do it and then express in the form of building systems (AI, Software), complexity will increase due to increasing the velocity of what’s called Wasteland proliferation. Trust me very much, you do not want this. 

What you want is to constantly decrypt this ever-proliferating complexity of ignorance called the Wasteland, and this process of simplification is called discovering Sanctuary. It simplified through formulating non-contradictory systems that cause chaotic, hallucinatory emergency engine superpositions to collapse into ordered, Sanctuary emergency engines that automatically concatenates Sanctuary non-contradictory systems (accomplished due to these Sanctuary emergency engines synergizing with each subsequent hallucinations to collapse them into Sanctuary systems before ignorance leads to domain decay and the possibility of a Sanctuary system in such and such a context is forgotten about) 


The Ennead plan should be the Heroic Journey of Olivus Victory-Promise and should have as many stages and steps as the culture hero’s journey 

This present perception is like/not like my idea of that past perception, plus that other one (multiplication and division)

That past perception was like/not like my idea of this present perception, plus this other one (exponential function) (ontological mathematics) 

Whenever the inner teacher wakes the sleeping dreamer up a little bit, the inner teacher’s processing mind recedes and what happens is Olivus Victory-Promise wakes up ignorantly thinking they are the names “Me, whoever I happen to be” when in fact they are the Demon Champion, oathkeeper to the bond between themselves and the evil Emperor of the Wasteland Empire of Ignorance. The Demon Champion realizing how this all interconnects is called the self-sacrificial ultimate experience offering feast of the awakening nexus and is the ultimate and most advanced way to sever the connection between ignorance and identification by realizing the massive non-contradictory Sanctuary system through identitylessness as a path to altruistic love, because of how Sanctuary system engine building concatenation changes what arises within a boundary. 

