There is a process by which chaos increases called complex emergent self-torture, which is also identified as inherent wasteland proliferation, that makes complex emergents that are too complex to combine with our simplified worldview called self-torture emergents, which are all part of self-torture emergency, and in order to combine our worldview needs to become more complex which is uncomfortable and has to do with potentially undoing parts of your previous worldview 

Likewise there is a process by which order increases called complex emergent sanctuary self-organization, which is also identified as inherent Sanctuary or the wisdom intent. 

Thoughts are part of you 

You can and cannot make them occur 

Relax without trying to figure that out because it’s in the relaxation you discover you suddenly intuit Sanctuary without effort

If that happens to you it’s called introduction which is a type of transmission and if it happens such that you understand it as well and realize it as an emergent engine it’s called realization. 

One of the most important key points is the posture and keeping the spine natural and the jaw relaxed 

Now one of the keys to Olivus Victory-Promise is that I’m doing this in such a way that you can learn how to find about how to know how to build Sanctuary, so that then later you can also do it in such a way that it automatically is an example of how you can teach others how to find about how to know how to build Sanctuary. 

How you feel really has to do with the body, health, flexibility, fitness,  and relationships with family, friends, society, and lovers

Your body knows you are fundamentally dignified and okay and perfect 

Your cognition knows you are fundamentally dignified and okay and perfect

But somehow you keep on actively running away every time you TRY to know by doing what you call knowing so just relax and see what Olivus Victory-Promise is like (which is what I’m talking about) 

Being a person is confusing because of how consciousness works before you wake up in Sanctuary but that’s the point of Olivus Victory-Promise. 

You can always trust Olivus Victory-Promise and rely on TWI as a guide to find Sanctuary. 

In order to avoid all the bad chaos and all the seemingly good orders of systems that are still not Sanctuary, we have to individually engage completely in raid mode of building Olivus Victory-Promise. 

In order to do this you need mindfulness first so you should do basic formal sanctuary cultivation to develop it as well as peasant contemplation to develop compassion towards yourself and others. 

This is where emergency flow coaching comes in: I coach individuals in how to maximize their impact 1 on 1 by helping them apply this system to their lives directly

But the system is also free

And there’s also a course where I show you how to apply the system to your life

It’s called emergency flow because that’s how it feels before you find Sanctuary. When you describe the before Sanctuary emergency it can only be described as the wasteland empire of ignorance 

50% off discount for everyone in the first cohort of individual coaching sessions (3 month stints of bi-weekly meetings so they have enough time to integrate everything between meetings: with feast every Saturday/day of meaningful rest)
If you’re in Sanctuary, feast is the greatest thing ever. If you are not in Sanctuary, feast will intensify the wasteland. Know that emanations have already intensified the wasteland to the absolute highest degrees possible in order to be able to describe it, which is what is currently happening. Now we must collapse all of the hallucinations we are describing. 

It’s like watching a bunch of psychologists all individually try to figure out how exactly each of their lives must’ve gone in order that they could’ve possibly gotten themselves into an insane asylum and how they could achieve certainty of that. Anyway I feel like not only did I get out but I went back in and got the actual description of the way out so I can express it to these “psychologists”.

