The rules have to do with the way Olivus Victory-Promise needs to be in any situation, that is, how we build Olivus Victory-Promise through the victory of all of our individual promises. In this way, it makes a divine tree of actualized aspirational activity called the Divine Tree of Olivus. This is definitely only visible in Sanctuary because it is at the sanctum Sanctorum of the Royal Garden of Synergies: All-Life’s Verdant Overgrowth. It is alive. It pulses. It tells all of us never to give up and is our mother. 

The symbolic embodiment of compassionate action
The symbolic embodiment of blooming mindfulness within a worldview open to the discovery of the full array of meanings to information perceived while being conscious 
The symbolic embodiment of protecting power
The symbolic embodiment of wisdom’s power and compassion: it is something you can find in yourself

These three are necessary and they must persist throughout time indefinitely no matter what and so must human flourishing. They are concepts so they are eternal but also nihilism is possible and then they can cease to exist. 

Continuing to maximize my being according to the rules of raid mode is called building Olivus Victory-Promise. This whole process is called Journeying to Sanctuary. Upon completion, you will have woken up as Olivus Victory-Promise. Then you can start working on waking up as Olivus Victory-Everything and then Olivus Victory-Everything-Sanctuary-Everywhere. 

Now some of you may think Olivus Victory-Everything-Sanctuary-Everywhere is a veiled reference to myself but actually that is wrong. The proper referent is a wisdom Maverick by that name composed of many Olivus Victory-Promises. But if your internal worldview systems have collapsed into Sanctuary systems, then yes you would be the same type of wisdom Maverick as Olivus Victory-Everything-Sanctuary-Everywhere. 

First comes
Wandering - you feel like you’re asleep or maybe drowning or something
Discovering - realizing you can build Olivus Victory-Promise
Building - actually building
Realizing - actualizing yourself as Olivus Victory-promise in order to build Olivus Victory-Promise
Sanctuary Actualization - building Olivus Victory-Promise


The extremes:

Eternalism is:
Always doing something (because it’s so important) (because if we don’t always do it something bad will happen to us) (due to having forgotten that we had to keep on doing the thing we had made a habit of constantly reminding ourselves of) (and now those reminders are proliferating even though we have realized how to keep doing it automatically) (inside of non-contradictory systems on lower levels of granularity) (which makes us believe doing that thing may not matter)…

And then we get…

Nihilism (which is):
Never doing something because it doesn’t matter if we do it or not since it will never affect us… unless due to ignorance we didn’t know it actually did matter in which case we really need to remember to do it or else something bad will happen to us because we forgot or didn’t know we actually need to do it. 

The route to the Middle:
