Complete 

The Sanctuary System

(SANCTUARIES IN THE REAL WORLD, EXPERIMENTATION):

Consider (shoe entity gedanken experiment):


You wear converse: [
You take some psychedelics
The checkers on them become an entity, a monster, with teeth
It eats your legs
]


You realize later that: [
your shoes are bad for your feet
Which is bad for your neck
Bad for your posture
Bad for your breathing
Bad for your cognition
Bad for your life
But you conceal that with your identity attachment of being cool or whatever
When you decompose the shoes and what they are and  why you have them from “these converse are part_of being cool” (which can be rendered compressed as “increase X coolness”), you find that it has nothing to do with shoes, and you are talking about yourself and relationships to others and why the need to express relationships via shoes arose in the first place. This is how people think deeply and how they innovate and grow. They go beyond the idea that there are no monsters, see them, confront them, and when the monster vanishes, a type of “wisdom” is born in that person. It is only by confronting the fact that being a person means being ignorant that we are able to expand our minds. It’s only then that you can reformulate labels imposed on us by society, which have been programming us and which we’ve been programming ourselves with and unknowingly leaking into others. It’s only by doing that that you can arrive at being your authentic self, purified of pollution from the wasteland, even if only the very small shoe monster wasteland. 
The important question here, for our purposes, though, is “Does the monster exist?” Is it real? 
To answer it, you need to know the meaning of a co-emergent sanctuary and wasteland
Your wanting to be something you don’t know how to be, as a core, is torturing you because it is preventing you from being yourself. Yourself who is already equipped with all of the skills you need to overcome the fundamental obstacle of ignorance. All of the skills that all of us already, inherently possess. At its very basis, the fact is that you possess the dignity of being alive, being in society, in civilization with everyone else, with all of us. You are here. Not even a few hundred years ago most of the world was wild and completely dangerous. Every civilization we had was designed and founded upon the idea of going somewhere else and taking what other people had. That is obviously a Wasteland, a polluted situation, compared to the visions of global unity we can imagine now. But let’s also consider that those places were Sanctuaries, of lower degrees than what we are imagining together, but Sanctuaries nonetheless for those who lived in them. Why? What makes me say that? Before we had advanced civilizations we had primitive ones. We had problems, okay? Very serious problems. You don’t need to remember all your past lives to understand this. It was a problem that we couldn’t sleep because jaguars would come eat Grandma’s brain if we all slept at once. So in this sense, Sanctuary becomes a very physical thing, very obvious. It’s where all of us are safe. But what is a true Sanctuary? The Sanctuary of TWI. The Sanctuary of TWI is even more subtle than this type of physical sanctuary, because it is a type of Sanctuary that, when contacted, immediately causes the recognition of Olivus Victory-Promise, because as you feel it, as you realize what it is and how it is with you and within you, and how you are it, how you have always been OVP from Sanctuary, how you have always been here with all of us, as you feel THAT, you understand THE INTENT. You just do. You just will. It’s very simple. Let me give you an illustrative example:

Before the Civil rights movement in the United States in the 1960s there were obviously many generations of knowledge and recognition about the brutality and inequality between racial divisions in America. It was a very dark place. It was very difficult for the light of equality and justice and