When I was a kid, my mom imposed a super strict diet on me (as many parents were in the early 90s but i also had some allergies so my mom was particularly strict about it)

1994/5/6
In preschool i wasnt allowed to have treats during other kids’ birthdays. In a sense who cares, but also, it gave me a sense that or made me think that, i wasnt - something about me made it so that I wasnt fully included in the happiness of other people. Literally everyone else… that made me feel really weird. Even to this day my mom is like “the teachers asked us to stop but we… didnt” but then they did.

~1994
I always liked buddha statues. Thought it was interesting and always felt playful. Lots of characters that represented positive things like love, wisdom, wealth.

1997
That turned into or grew into my acting out on the basis of a couple of things which were feeling like i wasnt spending enough time with my dad (because he was working like 100 hours per week) and also feeling like whenever I wouldnt understand something, it would also trigger that feeling (maybe this is another thing that other people do together that im not… [allowed to do] that i dont do and something that i cant be part of).

1999/2000
And then my best friend growing up started to find out about sex, which was like “oh this is something that everyone does that i can do. Oh this is like the secret thing everyone is doing that I can be part of - great” 

Somewhere in this time I also had that seizure [it was earlier] where i first had symbolic representation of the cognition of a wisdom maverick. 

2001/2002
So im growing up im starting to get in trouble because im learning how to compete but competition is a thing i can be part of where its okay to exclude other people on the basis of their not having the merit - oh yeah okay. So I can compete in certain things? Great. 

2001
Fall
9/11
I was at school in the first class when my teacher, Nina, said “how many of you saw the news before you came to school?” and some of the kids raised their hands. “How many of you know what happened?” Some kept them up. She told us. I think we watched what had happened at school. I didnt understand why anyone would commit suicide like that. I didnt understand. Maybe the year before or so:

~2000
Fall
Sam wrote his geography paper about Egypt and told me about suicide bombers for the first time. We thought it was kinda cool they had that weapon… ??????????????????? for no reason??????

2002/2003
