Got back to LA didnt know what to do but wasnt thinking about it (in terms of like what everyone is doing and how money works etc) i didnt join that bandwagon. I was trying to do my own thing: do buddhism, shambhala, and screenwriting. But instead I basically did Buddhism and procrastination. 
Trying to make money but not having a skill and also not thinking about that because i want my skill to be screenwriting but then not being motivated because the money situation is so bad and then playing video games and losing it all blah blah blah

2015 
Summer

Then summer came around and i did more retreats and had another year of the same stuff. 


2015 Winter
Got the book deal, went to NY, 

2016
Spring
Left NYC, 

moved out of my parents, 

started TIN Vape. 

2016
Fall
I got really good at video games and 


TIN failed. 

Meghan broke up with me. 

Got R1

2017
Winter

was going to start streaming and 

then they changed the game 

and I wasnt as good. 

Nobody wanted to play. 

Spring

But then Inviable wanted to play

Went to Nicaragua

My dad encouraged me to stream and said it was cool and stuff

But I gave up because i felt bad in the community and felt like it was obviously not going anywhere for me

Then Nick came and that was great because he was involved in Film in a way I wasn’t. 

Got back into Shambhala - this was when I did guide training I believe

Wrote EPJ

Summer

Big Brother

Fall
No Activity

GrubHub

ChatBots
I started writing and started to get interested in ChatBots because i had these pitches and i was trying to find something to write. I decided to make them into madlibs and have the chatbot spit them out at me. That was really cool. I thought there might also be a way to make the madlib parameters so specific in the context in the library of the sets being pulled up that it all perfectly flows together and tells you the whole story. So i got interested in tech and stuff. I found out about dreamcatcher and that was super awesome. I wonder if you can make one with stories… 

Story Machine

Then i watched a video on using higher dimensional math to solve problems and I was like “oh I think there is a thing you can do here with stories… You can use that maybe to combine parameters and encode it in a way that preserves what should be combined, then you can filter out noise in the space and only get answer sets. And that was the beginning of what became called Crystal Ball.” 

Around the same time that I had this intuition of Crystal Ball - actually before it - I am trying to write Evgeny Pronounced Jeff … wait i think it was after. After i had that… oh no it was after because it’s all on the same note. So first I had the intuition, i was out of work, trying to write EPJ and I had already written it at this point and was rewriting it and it wasnt right and i didnt know different ways it could go or enough about storyforms to morph it correctly. 

Dreamlights
I ended up feeling like what i really wanted was a story that was so connected to what i believed and knew and stuff that I would always know how the story should go - how to keep writing it - because i know what all the parts are for, using the story as an allegory. Out of that i thought “great. I wanna make this story that has all those qualities” and then suddenly it popped into my head: this whole thing I didn’t know what to call or what to call the characters. There were still some parts I didn’t know but I had some of the core traits I needed to unlock the world. I knew that i couldnt write it yet, but that it was what i wanted to write. 

Crystal Ball
Then i had the Crystal Ball intuition and that was something that would be really helpful in writing this. Then it also became an integral part of the story. As i was developing that, it became obvious to me that i didnt really know how any of the Crystal Ball stuff worked and it was way too complex for me to try to figure out and so was this other story so I should write something easier to learn screenwriting: 

Dunia was the idea from that. 

2018 Spring
Then i moved to the new place with Nick, Dene came
Nick and I had the falling out. 
I wrote 25 pages of Dunia from that emotion. 
