Went to Chicago to see Brian

Summer
Shambhala

Then, Shambhala collapsed. Earlier that year id felt like “time to get back into Shambhala” and i really started getting back into it, but then Shambhala collapsed due to the Sakyong not really acting like a Sakyong. When youre in shambhala people are like “oh what are you, the Sakyong?” Yeah. The sakyong is an ideal. Not a person. But if your title is the Sakyong, you have to be the ideal. You can’t rely on the wizard of oz curtains and so on to make it that way. That’s how people get really hurt, but that’s what was going on in Tibet sometimes, so it did happen… It does happen that sometimes people don’t act in ideal ways. It’s okay but we have to deal with it correctly and that’s not what happened there. It’s not okay to impose on people that they are the Sakyong and need to act ideally but it’s also totally different to say you are Olivus Victory-Promise…

Shambhala collapsed and caused me to feel so fucked up because of the way tantra works and the way that the whole situation at Shambhala worked or didnt work or whatever you want to say about it not working the way it was supposed to. 

Chokyi Nyima Rinpoche
I found a new teacher and did retreat and started feeling pretty good, having good dreams, etc. 

Sherre:

I ran out of money. I found a new job and a new lineage. (Sherre, Dudjom) I remember, I cried so much when I got the job interview. I cried so much when I got the job…

Samantha’s wedding

Sherre fired me. Told me I just “didnt get it” and “she wasnt going to take the time” because “she wasnt sure if it was going to be worth it for her, because i was so not getting it”

Found Dr Kaplan

Got a shitty job canvassing. Had to quit because my coworker committed fraud on the 2nd day. I was like fuck what do i do now… itold my boss and he didnt respond well so i quit. 

Caroline
13 Reasons Why

I got lucky and went to the bay area to work on a TV show and before that met with Dr Kaplan for the first time 1 on 1 and he gave me the 8 auspicious ones and some encouragement about my experiences “yeah kiddo, you got some stuff going on adn you gotta be careful talking about that with others because they mostly dont know what youre talking about, even people who meditate will likely not have experience of what youre talking about to the extent they would be able to talk to you about it” at that point id been meditating for like 6 years and people have meditated way longer than that… 

Showrunner meeting (happened so much longer after -> in the spring during BTM s1)

Dr Kaplan
When i got back from work we started hanging out now and then. He gave me the direct introduction in Dzogchen style and told me to stop doing the practices I was doing previously. That was jarring for me but also was coming from a good place, intending to lighten the burden so i could relax. But it always made me feel uneasy because of “samaya” and “commitments” and which lineage everyone was from and who was authorized to say what about what else. I was never able to talk to his Guru directly so I don’t know much… he showed me a letter but it was pretty nondescript about what he really is supposed to be able to teach. Regardless, i did pretty much everything he ever said. 

2019
Summer
Santa Clarita

So then I moved to Santa Clarita and I’m working on Bless This Mess and seeing Dr Kaplan more. He gives me troma and vajrakilaya. 

Study STC, Eric Edson, begin Dramatica but stop because it’s too complicated
I write Dunia. 

Dr Kaplan liked it (said it was brilliant that it had the kilaya stuff in it) but thought it was too intense - would make people feel too much negative emotion… 

BTM S2
Erik Bork - I rewrite Dunia
Place in quarterfinals
Get smashed to bits by blacklist
Peter Russel - I begin to rewrite Dunia
But realize there’s too much I don’t know
Story Engine

2020
Covid hits.

I was not really writing that well. I had a lot of doubt about that stuff and Dr Kaplan and every time he said something it was like “does he really know what hes talking about or is he a crazy old man and to what degree are those actually the same and idk.” Dr Kaplan made me get good at meditation during Covid. 

