i so then i show up at school and wer’re all 12-13 and puberty and going crazy and girls like me because im new. Then, the boys hate me so im like not putting two and two together so im thinking “ girls those are my favorite thing!” but then making all the guys hate me. Except, i did have a couple of friends who i thought were really great. 

Liam
One in particular (Liam Carey-Eaves)… and (im such an idiot for never confronting him about this) but there was one day where i was waiting after school to be picked up and i was with him and one of his friends (Austin James-Paulsen) who was one of the super cool kids at school. And he (AJP) said “hey, why do you hang out with Isaac?” while we were just sitting there. And he said “I dont know”. And i dont think anything else was said but it was just like it was enough… so then… we werent friends anymore.

2005/2006 fall
Eighth Grade
Lauren Pitre, Caitlin Ribbans, Nikki Valley, David Toler, Diego Murray

And then… the next year I started to understand more about conformity and signaling and started to fit in a little bit more because i got lucky and the people in my class were part of a totally different group of people that gave me an opportunity to reinvent myself a little bit and it worked and was great. That was another time that i experienced that upward momentum but more on purpose. 

Fantasy
Video Games
Blizzard Games
WoW

At the same time, im still playing a lot of games and start playing WoW and hanging out with the kids at school who do that which was interesting because that ended up becoming SUCH a social stigma so it felt like i totally couldnt escape this cycle. The irony of how i got into video games (the abuse) and how people are online “oh you fucking no life loser” and they say that stuff to like 11 year olds because they dont even know and that really fucked me up. I always felt like i knew in the back of my mind that games were never going to be good for me and enever help me, but that was the reason i didnt ever go pro or get famous. I stopped letting it compound over and over whenever i got good, then i got too old to do it and it just became one of the most painful things in my entire life because i'd spent so much time doing it and getting good and having fun with so many friends but again… had to leave them. The best part of games was learning about positive force in your mind and momentum and belief, in your mind about whether or not you can do something and the knowledge required for you to believe something enough to change the programming to execute it. Change the data to write the programs you need to write on the fly in order to execute and do it. I started doing that. 

2006/2007
Kamella
And then, i noticed i was starting to be completely in love with this girl who was the brattiest brat you could possibly fucking imagine and she goes on to totally ruin my life. 
Kilian
We get together and she fucks my best friend who then destroys my WoW friend group which was the last thing i felt like i had. Nobody said anything and the whole school knew and i didnt until i put it together like a conspiracy theory. That fucked me up really bad.That went on for like 3 years. 

2009/2010
Vigil/CTR
At the end of high school i was introduced to CTR writing by one teacher who was a former Zen Monk. I also wrote a thesis on utopias using republic and that made me interested in philosophy. Then i found a way to say philosophy related to screenwriting in college but i definitely didnt even know what telling stories meant at all. I was just kind of naturally into this topic for some reason… the idea of a perfect civilization… and i didnt want to compete. I remember getting bad grades made me feel so bad I hated the world so much for making me feel like I didnt understand anything ever and always collapsing under me. Why is it like that? 


Ok so i guess one way to say this is I write stories about inclusivity and love to prove to myself that their power is real

2010/2011 
Bennington
Fall Term
