“I have to go.” She started to turn away. My eyes went so wide as I comprehended what was happening - she was actually leaving, literally leaving and leaving me - dawned on me and I wanted everything to vanish. Get me out of here. Eject. Reset. Last save point. Anything. I don’t know. I don’t know. I don’t ever fucking know… why does this keep happening to me? Why does this keep happening to her? Why do we all keep doing this to each other? What the fuck is happening to all of us!?!?!  

“Christina, no!” I reached out for her hand as her arms spun in her turn —

And I caught her wrist. 

“Please just… just don’t leave. Don’t leave me here. Alone. Like this. I don’t understand. Please? Please don’t do this to me.” 
And her hand balled into a fist. 
And her face was so angry at me. 
And I realized what she thought — I had grabbed her.
“Sorry. Don’t. I mean… you can go, obviously, but please? You underst-“
“Let go of me. I wanna go home. Im sorry.” 
“Christina, I’m –”
“Im really, really sorry. I hope you understand that. I don’t understand what’s happening to us, but I am sorry. I can give you that. I won’t go without that, at least.”
“Then just don’t leave…” She shrugged off my hand.
Right then, I felt a part of my heart die. Time froze. I froze. The screen door hit the wall. Over and over because of the pump thingy. Her car door opened, shut. Lights turned on. Lights went away. Far. Far. Away. Gone. She never turned around, never looked back at me. There was not… a single moment… to have with her, again.

I stood there. 
“Is this real? Is this actually real? How did this happen? What even happened? Does… is… what… what the fuck!? What the fuck!!!!? Am I?”

it felt like… the world collapsed because… because it felt like “oh maybe this … there's no way this could be real. I must have already had the psychotic break and be trying to tell myself that (because this is so fucking crazy and ive never heard of anything like this, like what do you mean you dont remember that we’re in love? HOW THE FUCK DOES THAT EVEN HAPPEN? Not ‘i don't love you anymore’ which hurts, but ‘i don't remember you, I don’t remember the way you made me feel, I don’t remember how meaningful it was to feel that with you or give you my feelings, either. I don’t know who you are. A friend? Am I? Can I even do any of the helpful things that a friend can do for her? I want to, but am I… just… bad?’)” 

I knew it was real. It had to be real. But… I really wanted to make it… so that it wasn’t. “Please tell me this isn’t… real… wait— fuck fuck fuck fuck NO STOP DON’T NO” /

Because I was now realizing as I was having those thoughts that something had happened in my mind because now, suddenly, the conditions to entertain quite deeply the idea that somehow reality could exist such that this happening could be undone through perfectly logical miracles whereby the entire world stops self-torture, where all that needs to be the case is for me to have just already had a psychotic break, gone insane, and be using Christina as symbolism to get back to her, and for everyone to understand what that motivation really is, was already latent in my mind and what I just leaped off that cliff into. 

“Maybe a psychotic break is all… all this… was? All this is. No, all that was!”
Bye!

The thing is, the magical formulation here is this: because I wanted to help, really help, but my own attachment got in the way, and I still wanted to help, and she stopped talking to me and started avoiding me, meant that the only possible course of action was to become a superhero and save the world so she could be happy, however that would end up happening. It would not be me. It would be somebody else, but it would not matter. We all needed to be love, to guarantee her healing, so I thought. But this was my tonglen. I was going to take in the entire universe’s suffering all the time and output everyone’s individualized path, completely, with all the necessary interactions, etc, on my own. It was no