I got a new job title - travel coordinator.

Georgia
I went to GA.

We started working on all the Buddhist stuff more often than not. It was Trekchod Ling, Dharma Concierge, and Ribcage. I felt like it wasnt really possible to work on CB at this time in the way it needed to be worked on, but I always felt like why not? Afraid of confronting my ignorance.

Then we ended up here doing the prayer wheels etc. I was working with Dr Kaplan extremely closely at this time. Over the summer, i started to get more interested in the way cannabinoids were working and the actual meaning of the 5th vow. I intuited Dr Kaplan was using all of this stuff while telling me not to and that was part of the reason he couldnt remember things. I asked him about this and confirmed and confirmed he didnt know what he was doing to himself. I told him and bought him some new stuff, but he kept claiming there was absolutely nothing in the stuff he had previously… denial - maybe he thought it was helping him with meditation because he didnt know it was being added to his consciousness. What’s so fucking hilarious is that THAT is how soma works - if you don’t know, it’s ridiculously psychedelic and gives you huge blessings… unless you absolutely can’t handle it which is why it was secret.

Around this time, i start finding out about and wondering about how this is all working, dynamically. I already know about DMT etc I now start asking Dr Kaplan about his meditation and the qualities and the qualities of dreams and language. He tells me about rasayana. I begin to investigate. I spend some time learning comparative religion and the origin of myths and i learn the origin of many entities within buddhism which helps me to understand how they “exist”. I began confronting a lot of things that were bothering me for a long time about buddhism, contradictions, and I investigating “Early buddhism”. I wanted to know if there was a connection between the spontaneous vision of the green goddess, who Dr Kaplan “confirmed” was a vision of tara, and the DMT goddess, and the actual green goddess I was practicing in various forms. I begin to investigate: what is the wisdom the Buddha realized? So I learned about Soma and the primordial twins and early buddhism… I realize buddha must have found the key to the internal soma. On the plane to LA to see Dr Kaplan I wrote a poem encapsulating my thoughts then and how it  was changing my understanding. When i got to LA, i went to get some weed and smoked it. I realized that it didnt do basically anything to my consciousness, so I thought: why does my teacher think this is so bad? Probably a misunderstanding from history. At the same time, Dr Kaplan says “i found this amazing research someone did that shows some rasayana recipes from the Buddha himself” and they have things in them like cannabis. I pointed that out to him and he was like “idk. Really?” He was just kind of shocked that I was bringing this up to him… So back to that day I got into LA, i sat there and recited mantras for a few hours – noticing how my mind was attacking me for “RECITING MANTRAS AFTER HAVING SMOKED WEED WHICH WAS DEFINITELY NOT RELATED TO WISDOM AND WAS A DEMON!!!!!” After i’d come down, I went to my room to formally meditate. But i was really sad because of the state of the lineages. Look, the Buddha obviously would never had said that cannabis was negative. That is moronic. He said imbibing anything to the point of unmindfulness is negative. But how could people not realize this? Anyway, I gave rise to the motivation: I am going to engage in the meditation i spontaneously realized in order to benefit all sentient beings and recognize the buddha’s wisdom. Then i did nothing at all. Magically, the lights began changing and turning into a tunnel, and suddenly then stopped. I saw that… the Buddha’s wisdom is that there isn’t any inherent wisdom out there that we can go find. There is only the wisdom of knowing there isn’t wisdom which then begets wisdom that realizes positivity on the basis of that knowledge and so is wisdom… basically, I became a bodhisattva in a few seconds. 
