Ok so then before we moved to NM, the summer before, i really felt like for the first time in my life (two years  before actually) the school that i went to… had this process called regrouping where they had 7 age groups but only 6 classes so you had to be regrouped. I got regrouped in group 4, i ended up feeling really bad about that because i was with a bunch of kids who had been regrouped who were so fucking cool previously and then i got the idea they were way more mature than i was. They had started to realize stuff about being a person that i didnt know - not copying and so on. So that was interesting to me to be introduced to a lot of cool people who were like “youre not included”. I tried to work through that and I was semi successful, i went to all their birthdays. 

2001/2002
So i got regrouped and i ended up being regrouped with one of the kids who would then be one of my best friends. So, and also, one of my first girlfriends, even though we didnt know that was what was happening that was more or less what it was (but pregirlfriends where you dont touch). I was 9-10 and my parents had accepted they would never ever be on time to pick me up from school so after school ended at 6 and they wouldnt be able to get me by 6 and it felt so bad to be left there with whoever was the aftercare worker. We didnt have cell phones. I didnt understand why love always left me.

2000/2001
Anyway, i would go to my friends’ house instead and he lived next to that girl and i got to hang out with them like every single day. At this time, i started to become a lot more interested in school for the first time even though i never actually thought of it that way. It was the first time i really felt like i started to understand things and i got more confident in reading. 

1997
I had taught myself how to read [did i or did i just fake it and get praised for that and then get confused when confronted with real reading?] before i got to school and when i got to school i saw them reading books i didnt know how to read yet and i told myself i must not know how to read and then i developed a learning disability related to reading after that. When i started hanging out with these kids, it sort of went away. I started to be able to read more complicated books on my own like going from magic treehouse to lord of the rings ( duke to the times). Of course ididnt understand everything i read but i felt really good about being able to do the things i wantedd. Maybe this was one of my first instances of self-love. Not to say i then because a genius or whatever but I just became interested. “Oh its time to read, im going to actually read instead of grabbing a book i can pretend to read and then going somewhere where i can not read”. 

2003/2004
Spring
Shame for something I did but felt guilty about, was punished for, and thought was in the past
Not understanding “reputation”

Then, one day, in our final year at that school, I went to wash some stuff and i was at the sink washing the paint brushes or whatever and one of the kids made a joke making fun of me thinking that i coudlnt hear him and he said “oh, campbell hall, for isaac? More like juvenile hall” and everyone laughed. I didnt know they thought i was bad. Maybe that’s why i didnt get in and i have to go to school with bad kids… 

2004/2005
Moving to New Mexico
So then we moved to new mexico which was terrible for a lot of reasons but it started out as me being ripped away from my friends… 
Jenna
then in new mexico

2003/2004 
Summer
Rosebowl Camp
Jenny
Tommy

The year before we went to new mexico, i went to a summer camp and started to become a lot less shy. I was really trying to be myself and be who i wanted to be. i t ended up making one of the kids jealous and he attacked me and beat me up in front of everyone and nobody did anything. 

2004/2005 
Summer
JCC Camp

Then i got to new mexico and by that time i was much more wary of how people are. I was still pretty much like “want to make friends but i know youre probably fucked up but i want to be friends… dont take it out on me” that kind of thing. 
summer/fall

Bosque - 7th grade
Fall

