Counter-strike

Sekiro

WoW
In my offtime, i got back into playing WoW which i didnt actually want to do but i wanted to see how i did because i wondered if i could become a streamer. I was excited because i had all the money to buy the gear i needed to play the game maximally, which i never had before… but then i wasnt as good at the game as i was previously and it was really messed up in certain ways… i ended up leaving video games for good. I felt like I really failed, a lot. Like, for the first time I realized that I wouldn’t be able to make anything out of myself this way. That everything I had become was just old and didnt matter to anyone anymore. I had missed the train. I didnt belong in the World of Warcraft anymore because i couldnt compete. It was something that helped me a lot with self-love but in the end became something toxic to me because of how i was doing it, and i couldnt handle that because i wanted it to be not toxic because it made me love myself and i still loved it for that because i couldnt love myself and i just loved my abilities i could see myself as having in that perspective. Why are the things i love, that help me love myself, so poisonous? They give me an opportunity to feel like im good at accomplishing the things that other people think are valuable, but i dont comprehend what im trying to get at there/what that really means i guess? 

Valorant

Birthday feeling - wake up to no trump 
Nicaragua
Decompression begins
Songwriting
X-machines

Fall 2018
When i was working for the Rabbi i started to become undepressed (maybe connected to Dudjom blessings?). That was the realization that I WAS depressed. 

2020
Fall

I went to Nicaragua that November and I started to become even more undepressed way faster. It just unfurled. I started to recognize the reasons I was getting depressed and writing songs about it. I noticed the songs getting so much deeper and the content getting so much more relatable. I thought for the first time - this is accessible. While i was doing that, i stumbled upon the concept of finite state machines and that significantly changed my ability to intuit Crystal Ball. I started to look into computation and describe the functions i was intuiting and crack this whole thing open in a way that was expressible. 

2021
Winter

At this point, i was just thinking about stuff and didnt really know what to do about it. I talked with my friend who told me he had started a startup and made like $300m… so i thought ok i should probably start a startup for Crystal Ball. I learned about startups a little bit and told Wesley about this and he offered to help. He found Neo4j and some other things. 

Spring
At this point I was still struggling with porno and weed addictions. I went to Nica and we learned about math and computation and ontology, etc. We kept trying to put together stacks to make Crystal Ball achievable but i began to realize we didnt know enough about AI to be able to think about MAKING this directly, but rather just trying to understand what the tech IS that we do have right now. I began to understand that this was much more than just the idea of putting the way my mind was visualizing stuff into a computer. This actually seems to presuppose mapping out some parts of how math is part of consciousness. Is this different from how we define math already? Idk. At this point I start explaining CB to people and they agree it is hypothetically worth a lot but they just wonder about how exactly it would be made because it just feels too complex. That seems like a relative problem to me because we can always harmonize chaos - we just need to find the way that works. So I felt encouraged by these conversations. I got back from Nica and had to get a new job. 

Summer
I went to Oklahoma.

On Grayhorse, we started Ribcage, trekchod ling, and ANBA. I got a marketable skill (APOC).

Dava Daylight
I met Dava, got her pregnant, she got an abortion, and we stopped talking. 

Gloria
I met Gloria and she made me feel much more like myself, much less disgusted with myself. I got back to LA. 

Crypto Trading
I started trading crypto and making a little money. 

