So i did and after i did that a few times, i was just kinda like hm okay well idk i thought it would be more intense… at this point, i feel like ringing in my ears and i feel a little ball drop from the center of my head straight through the center of my body and out my butt. It was warm. I was like “what?” and at the same time iw as becoming aware of that and reacting, the buzzing got really loud and a lower sound like a drawbridge crank and then i got the feeling that whatever it was was coming closer, and then light BURST through the window and instantaneously atomized everything that existed including me, to the poin that i immediately realized my mind’s nature WAS this light. I was trying to tthink scientifically so i was like “oh it must be other dimensions and whatever” i was astral projected without a body but i could re-instantiate all of where i was, but i could go anywhere in the world or go there at the same time and hop back out of my body to talk to people i was with in consensus reality and there was this sense like “ya this is possible but if you mess this up its going to get weird and go away”. I noticed that because while i was astral projected i had this htought that i had to go back into my body and not back into the astral because people could steal my wallet. Immediately i got flung through this whole cascade of many many many different worlds or whatever and then in the process found a green woman who held my hand and led me through this whole thing and brought me to this place where everybody was dancing. She was like encouraging me to say “theyre all dancing with me!” and it was the coolest and best thing ever. I couldnt remember any of it when i got back except for the dancing and the woman and the light. I didnt even remember that she was green at this point, but just the sense that she wasnt human exactly. So then I end up going home and when i go home im still not a full person in the world because we just moved back to LA and im separated from the kids i knew in NM and i dont know anyone in LA anymore, so inverse situation. Im like cool ill just play video games. I just play video games and that activates certain habits for me and im just so reliant on Christina for like emotional stuff shes not realint on me for because she has friends. So she ends up breaking up with me and but we already had plans to see eachother and i decided to still go back to MA and try to see her and she wanted to do that so we could talk because she felt like of course she wouldnt just abandon me feeling this way. That was really special to me. Nobody had ever helped me understand why they were leaving before. I think it was actually on the way home from bennington that i read Shambhala book (i definitely read the DMT book then). I was like oh fuck is this shambhala book about everything? The reason i thought that is because after i had that experience on DMT i thought what i saw was the cosmic mirror in Shambhala. I was really absorbed in my own worldview t othe poin t that i could read my own perceptions to the point that i was seeing but couldnt distinguish between seeing and having the thought that I would intuit what other people might be doing or saying and then think that was my expression as i was having the thought but then other people would do exactly what the thought was thinking, simultaneously. I thought hmmmm reality and me are in some weird relationship. How does this work? Is it like this for everyone? Its not a god complex idea its just “how does the relationship between consciousness and reality actually function”. Then i, started to experience all of these synchronicities and stuff that when i read the Shambhala book i was just like wow its so full of synchronicities that they must have done this on purpose and also maybe there are names for all of this stuff? I remember thinking like “how would we ever know if he was talking about DMT though” before i, i had already realized while i was on DMT all of