Then after everyone i knew came up to me and told me over and over about how i had to stop taking psychedelics or id break my brain. The next weekend i got bored and i was thinking about all of that and i was really upset because i felt like psychedelics were helping me to feel more like myself in ways id never felt before or in a long time and i know theyre dangerous but i think theres a way to handle them and i think that we can pribably figure it out. So i mixed up a bunch of psychedelics and basically took all of that in that contextt like a heroic dose of doses. Not heroic doses of everything combined but doses of everything to make one heroic dose and then timed everything to peek at the same time or around the same time. I had an amazing time where i felt like really centered in away that i hadnt before in away … without relying on other people and stuff but iat the same time able to heal everything with Christina onand i actually got so happy for the first time in my life (started dating Christina too) and i started to notice the deeper layers of my cognition going oon. I dont usually feel perfectionistic but when super relaxed im just aware of the way all of this stuff affects my mind (like even dust and stuff). I was suddenly realizing things like “if i dont clean the rug the dust can send a signal to my mind that blah blah and whats going to happen is ill fall into habits of procrastination by not oding anything about the dust and then think theres something wrong with me due to falling into the habit but in order to stay in denial about it id say theres something wrong with others but then resolve it and say theres something wrong with the world and then say oh yeah i gotta remember to just clean this dust, but it wont be about the dust any more because of the procrastination … 

The world is not the earth … that would be silly. 

DMT

The next day, im still like in the afterglow like feeling more intelligent than ive ever felt in my entire life like feeling a kind of intelligence that i didnt even know existed and im able to process and integrate and express things in ways i never was before. This was the first time i was able to write a flow or put together a system really fast oand extensively. 
Next day, my friend comes up and say he y my other frine dis a chemist and made this DMT can you show me how to smoke it? I was like okay its my first time but sure. We did it and she saw angels and stuff and her experience which was what she needed and it was great. Then she said she was good and i could have the rest. There was like probably 900mg. So I start packing the bowls and experimenting and i get to the point where everything is cool in CEV but in CEV i was still in the afterglow of the previous trip so i consciously was knowing how to deal with hallucinations as they were arising, so not just like abide but actually not react and let dissolve such that im able to see myself recognize the processes of my own cognition that make the hallcuinations and then they vanish of their own accord. I was like, whoa okay what is DMT like if you just let it dissolve? Let me smoke a lot more. 

