So then i got to bennington and i was like ok great anothre opportunity to reinvent myself, most of my problems were around relationships so i should not get into one, but i didnt stay away from girls i was just like ?oh we cant be in a relationship because im not doing that” but relationships arent just labels. they do exist and you are in them with everyone. I learned that the hard way. That was a really hard lesson. i t made me, i dont know, okay… yeah… when i got to bennington, i started to try to figure out what was going on and one of the conclusions that i came to was that i wasnt fitting. And i was was really not sure what to do about that because i had never actually tried to solve that problem before by thinking about what other people must be thinking baout in order to become the people i see them becoming and being… So I asked jane one day “do i fit” and she thought it was a dumb question because everyone fits everywhere. 

Dene
I then then I also obviously and at this time I met dene and was like okay shes really cool and she seems to be just like me but im not really cool - whoa okay so maybe i can learn from her because we could be friends. That was interesting to me because id never been friends with someone who i actually thought was cool. At this point, i dont even know what that word even meant to me. She showed me psychedelics, really. And that was when i first started to call it “The Wasteland” just randomly. I was like'' you know what it is, the wasteland, because everyone is just a caricature of their own ignorance about themselves, about their identity… and i didnt know about identitylessness so it was just ignorance about the habits they have in their identity (and me, so it was the wasteland - we are all here). 

FWT
Then i, got home for break and I … at soem point i also saw the kalachakra mandala for the first time. And i got home… and i also started looking into atlantis and shambhala because i was randomly interested in lost civilizations and stuff. I remember i went to borders when i got home from break to look for books about Shambhala and thats when i found the book by CTR called Shambhala. I bought it because it was him and it was Shambhala but i realized it didnt seem to be about what I wanted. I wanted a map to Shambhala or something and this was a self-help book so  ididnt read it. I also got some other books like roadmap to reality and science books like that and books on the war of the three kingdoms and the tibetan book of the dead and DMT the spirit molecule. 

Spring Term

I got back to bennington and started doing more psychedelics and was not paying attention to how i was affecting others and ended up hurting christina and ioana pretty badly. Among a lot of other people… I realized that after taking 3 tabs of acid… because christina came into my room while she was also on acid and told me how she felt and  then i … she came in while she was on acid and i told her i loved her while we were cuddling because i realized for the first time i wanted to have a relationship with her and she told me i didnt love her and id hurt her so badly and then she left. That put me in a breakthrough bad trip… there was… i was in a totally different place. (TITLE: THE WORST TRIP EVER?) 

