I had the permission to engage in higher practices from previous training, so when I got back I just decided to do it according to my other teacher’s instructions. For about 7 weeks I practiced and my worldview started significantly changing due to the experiences I was having in meditation, but not on the basis of thoughts. It was like, I would meditate and then my thoughts would naturally present all kinds of contradictions and bring up all kinds of emotions and events that would eventually just vanish or collapse into a gentle realization of identitylessness. When this then began to involve the entities of Buddhism directly: protectors, dakinis, etc. they collapsed as well. And I am confident in this because of the quality of my continued experience but also because if anyone were to say “no i went to the pure lands and spoke to the dakinis and they said youve never been there” then while it is true they are in a pure land, they must ask themselves if the pure land they are in is actually in the body of a buddha or not - they would be stuck in DMT visions and not helpful in the nirmanakaya (yet). My dreams collapsed so implicitly the enlightenment of all sentient beings already happened in my mind, so i understand what that means and how that particular collapse is meant to happen, but I also (because it happened) understand more about how to achieve Outer Sanctuary World State (but i didnt know it then, it all unfolds to the sentient being/emanation from the Inner Teacher/Guru). But this was distressing to me because I wanted there to be superpowers. I wanted my body to evaporate into rainbow light and emanate trillions of trillions of world systems for sentient beings. I wanted to help Christina in her future lifetimes. I wanted to help my parents. I wanted to help my relatives. I wanted to help everyone. I didn’t want this… ultimate… exclusion via knowing the inexpressible and watching everyone hurt themselves. I thought: great - then it must not be it. But then simultaneously my mind flooded with recognition of what was possible and that that was exactly that: trillions of trillions of world systems of emanations for the benefit of all sentient beings. It is the dharmakaya. It already was all of us in the nirmanakaya. We have it inside all of us as the sambhogakaya. I can fearlessly emanate the impure->pure evolution of “myself”. It dawned on me that this is the real practice. From there, everything has increased in inconceivable ways that fulfill all wishes spontaneously.

Anarchocryptowisdomism

I sent him the teaching on Ngakpa chod from Patrul and he was confused. I asked him directly if he knew that there was no elemental control and he said definitely there was and he’d done it before. Ok but just between us, isn’t it that there are no demons, etc, etc (showed him Dudjom quote) and that it all means its in the minds of sentient beings and we are just speaking this way to help them? He said basically “no. I did those things, my masters did those things and gave me special blessings to do them. I gave you those special blessings. Your version of weather control sounds good, too, so I give you the blessings to do that as well.” 

Salvia
Discovery of Nexus
Nexus is precursor to crystal ball in that it serves as a project management platform for the knowledge discovery required for Crystal Ball to be made and function correctly. Not only that but the entire system of TWI, which was revealed to mean the wisdom of identitylessness and the wisdom intent and the world incorporated. Then it turned into Sanctuary Nexus when Wes found out about network states and we talked about making a world Sanctuary state and then I recognized all of that. We tie it to the blockchain and the network state exists on the blockchain and nexus functions as a social media aggregator such that when you view their content, you understand their hero’s journey. We also then use that data to do incredible things. It is a platform for people to log their aspirations and turn them into completed hero’s journeys that can all connect in a story universe. 

