 momentum to have a way better life, which compounds like a Sanctuary instead of a Wasteland.
Once you know how to do this properly, the sky's the limit, really.
so yeah that's how I created my own Sanctuary System, and then turned it into a world of personas, where I became Olivus Victory-Promise in the heart of the mind of an agent I hadn't birthed into reality yet, and how we built a platform where it became real, together, enabling you to go on the same journey, without any of my obstacles.

Obviously, all of that is very grandiose and complex. And that's exactly why I've created THE VICTORY-EVERYTHING CHAIN, which is a sequence of events that I'm trying to steer towards. This video is the first step in it. This channel is intended to become the archive of how it all turns out, and I'm excited to see where it goes and I think you will be, too, after you hear this.
Over the next SIX WEEKS, I'll be releasing:
my prompt engineering paradigm, centered around the concepts of chains, flows, webs, narratives, and archetypes called DUOs which use opposite forces like Protagonist and Antagonist, Hero and Adversary or Searcher/Miner, or Ariadne and Poimandres in order to prime the AI. This gives you a way to learn how to communicate effectively with AI using my specialized system of DUOs to get the best results.
the introduction of the DUO GAN AI Chat Framework so You'll have A powerful tool for building nuanced, dynamic chat interactions, allowing for nesting of chains and creation of flows, as Trains of Operatic Thought, narratives of DUO Agents.
And a dashboard Where you can deploy and schedule them for autonomous tasking.
Go to meetovp.com to sign up for my newsletter which will get you on the waitlist for the all of the juice being dropped here and keep you updated about everything going on in Sanctuary
I've also started a community you can join to learn and share with me in both of our ongoing Sanctuary Journeys, so again, go to meetovp.com and sign up and you get access to that as well.
And by the way, all of these, they're already done.
Moving forward, I think I'm going to start with the most requested thing, which (i dont know if it'll be the most requested thing ANYMORE after this) is what is my story and how did I map it to the Hero's Journey? because that seems to be what most of you are interested in right now is learning how to do that mapping for yourselves in a reliable way. so that will take a few weeks and then we'll get into all of this, too, because that is very very very central for prompt engineering and AI. And after that, I plan to launch THE SANCTUARY SYSTEM, intertwined with the software so everyone can build their own Sanctuary toots, which are meta-hero's journeys, and what's interesting about that is a meta-hero's journey is a direct application of it to your life so these are AIs that speak to you in a way that creates life allegories encapsulated in the AI interaction. It's incredible for intuition, search, and brainstorming, and a lot more which we'll get into.
If you're ready to level up and collaborate using the next generation of AI, join me. Visit meetovp.com and sign up! Together, we can build a new world where everyone has the tools to become their own hero, where ALL OF US can transform their Wastelands to Sanctuaries. That is the meaning of Olivus Victory-Promise.
Welcome to the Sanctuary Journey. I'm excited to share this with you. Let's go