
Hey Olivus,
Throughout my life I've been plagued by something I call the WASTELAND CYCLE which is basically just being continually ignorant of the way that certain outlooks turn into actions that compound over time. I've been constantly struggling to overcome obstacle after obstacle on every journey I ever wanted to go on, without ever feeling like I was finding something that truly worked. I would always get good at something, but not good enough, and then be unable to figure out why, and stop doing it. That would, of course, waste all the compound effects required to eventually reconfigure my mind to be able to view the situation differently and eventually overcome that obstacle. Recognizing this, I set out to make a meta-hero's journey, which is a hero's journey that is about how going on a hero's journey is about mapping the hero's journey to every scenario that could be a hero's journey. I wanted to do that because I thought it would help me relate the hero's journey problem solving allegory to my life at any given moment. I thought I would do that ON YOUTUBE but  actually I got really scared when I tried because I realized I hadn't fully baked the system enough to even talk about it coherently, and so my plan to build in public was a total failure from the get go, and I didn't even realize it until I started. I got so depressed about it that I just decided not to try to do any YouTube because it was so complicated for me to think about all the different ways to frame this. I realized that meant I was ignorant and I had to go on a hero's journey, but since I was already on a hero's journey to uncover the meta-hero's journey, what exactly was this going to be? The answer to that is now what I call THE SANCTUARY SYSTEM. It's called that because the central idea of every hero's journey is equivalent to a blighted Wasteland transforming to the Sanctuary it always had the potential to be. With it as my secret weapon, I'm on a mission to help us all become heroes of our own stories. The meta-hero identity is the identityless hero, who wears the masks of all of us, and their name is Olivus Victory-Promise. 

When I started this channel it was going to be a slow build up of my unified meta-hero's journey framework, THE SANCTUARY SYSTEM. It's taken almost a year longer than I thought, and that's because of what happened when I got AI involved in THE SANCTUARY SYSTEM. I'm making this video because I want to tell you about what happened when I went on my journey to try and build some tech to collate my notes about THE SANCTUARY SYSTEM with AI

And that's because i noticed the Hero's Journey and the Sanctuary System applied to AI in an unexpected way
and as a result i ended up inventing a couple things and kind of, uh... going on this whole journey and so now I'm actually rising from the dark night of the soul so-to-speak, and I'm in the finale battling the dragon of imposter syndrome as I'm sure a lot of you are with your own journeys, here right now. So the aspiration for this channel is bringing the elixir back, the elixir of THE SANCTUARY SYSTEM META-HERO'S JOURNEY FOR NEXTGEN AI COLLABORATION. I'm gonna do this with a bunch of prototypes I made and now I'm putting together whole new type of AI interaction paradigm for all of us

and im just about to start testing the prototypes in the real world
so over the course of the next SIX WEEKS, i'm going to progressively release a new technology
but before I tell you more about it, I wanna tell you about the journey I went on to make this possible. I'm going to use this as a primer to show you the meta hero's journey, so this is framed as the Infinite Story I Cant Get Out Of My Head: Olivus Victory-Promise from Sanctuary, and the version I’m going to tell you here in this video is the extremely abbreviated version so you can get the general idea, then over time I’ll expand on it.
See, about a year ago I was ...
