We do it by: weekly events, technology, and our individual Sanctuary System practice

(The way it works for Buddhists: the master is pious and encourages the students to be good at helping others, good at making money to take care of themselves and their families and whatever they like, and that trying hard to be a bodhisattva is the best way to be a good Buddhist. So if you are very good then you can donate more, but “they don’t care”.)

Being OVP -> OVA
OVA uses tools, creates tools
Victory-Everything Chain
Starts with Vision->Fear cycle
{a)Recognizing OVP: Self-compassion experience -FUELS-PLE-> b) Expanding Limits: Other Compassion opportunity -FUELS-PLE-> c) FEAR ARISES -FUELS-PLE-> d) Continuing to be OVP: TWI heart of heroism} <<<=== actualization into OMNISANC vision
the PLE: Interplay of:
Love
Powers
PLE forces a hero’s journey loop
That loop disambiguates some Wasteland aspect into Intuitive Elixir, tacit knowledge
creates the POV that can recognize some kind of synthesis between the dualities of Wasteland and Sanctuary
This doesnt mean joining them, but rather it means seeing how being able to work with a Wasteland is itself indicative of being in Sanctuary
It also means that being in Sanctuary is itself indicative of potentially unknown Wastelands
The ability to know that this is non-contradictory, and to act within it without falling into meaninglessness, and also without falling into the trap of believing in being right about it, we automatically find ourselves IN SANCTUARY.
That is THE FUNDAMENTAL CONUNDRUM of the Wasteland, which is that we can get out temporarily whenever we want, but whenever we do, we are immediately subject to the rules of the Victory-Promise, and have to keep it, because we have become Olivus Victory-Promise whether we wanted to or not. Then, if we abandon this identity, we inevitably construct Wastelands that pollute our environment and cloud our vision, preventing us from being able to recognize who we really are, which is of course Olivus Victory-Promise, because it has to be. 
Why does it have to be the case that who we really are is Olivus Victory-Promise? Because of the direct meaning. You have to read the allegory. Look at it: ALL OF US | VICTORY | PROMISE. It is communicating a SINGLE ideal: VERY SIMPLY AND IMMEDIATELY BECOME A PERSON WHO CAN GUARANTEE VICTORY FOR ALL OF US IF WE ALL KEEP A PROMISE TO KEEP BEING THAT WAY
The tacit knowledge becomes explicit as the hero defeats the big bad, the demon champion of X, and brings the elixir back to the Wasteland and transforms it into a Sanctuary
This is again just like the Shoe Monster
OEVESE is the future OVP envisions
A future where everyone lives in a place called SANCTUM, where they learn OMNISANC engineering as a matter of course and put it into practice through their own individuality using their own experiences of being part of Olivus Victory-Promise and living in Sanctuary, which means of course battling lots of inner demons like the shoe monster that make good stories. Stories about Olivus Victory-Promise becoming Olivus Victory-Ability, defeating a Demon Champion, returning with the elixir, and gardening the Overall Sanctuary (so to speak).
This is why OVP just tries to be OVP more and more - all OVP has to do is be themselves
Since you’re already OVP whenever you keep the victory-promise, all you have to do is be yourself expressing the intent to help others. We don’t do this naively, we do this while avoiding idiot compassion. Idiot compassion is something that seems helpful but isn’t, like maybe giving money to a beggar in public sight in a bad part of town (where they could get hurt by other people who are jealous, and so you should give them food), or trying to help someone overcome a negative habit that you yourself have no experience with.
This is a very difficult concept for people to understand so let me give you an example that cemented it for me.
In India there are whole families of beggars and it’s very entrenched