 from the caste system and so there’s a lot of very intense suffering and people die on the street and you see that. You see that. 
One time I was in Ladakh, India receiving a teaching the Dalai Lama was giving and as I was leaving the event grounds I came across a beggar. She was a little girl, maybe 9 years old, and she had third degree burns on her arm. Her skin was falling off and she was just looking into space miming her hand towards her mouth, indicating hunger. 
This was striking to me because:
We were all ostensibly Buddhists, even Bodhisattva aspirants who wants to change the world and help people
There was a medical tent 30 feet away
Of these 110,000 other people there who were all bodhisattvas in training, ALL OF THEM walked RIGHT PAST HER
I honestly had no idea what to do but i felt like i had to do SOMETHING
I went to the tent and asked them what they had “do you have something for burns?”
“You cant give medicine to that girl”
“Why not?”
“If you heal her arm, they’ll cut it off.”
“Who?”
“Her Parents.”
So this was my dilemma: I could give this little girl money, which would reinforce the practice of maiming her. I could not give her money, which might make them maim her. I could give her food.
So i decided to go to the store and get her waters and food
The next day she wasnt there. I went to the area that had the store again though because I saw some dumpling vendors and I wanted to try some. I met a little boy in front of the shop sitting on a piece of a cardboard box. Skin and bones. Both his legs were amputated below the knees. He put his hand out for money, and I offered him dumplings. He shook his head and put his hand out for money again. I went inside and bought some loaves of bread and gave them to him. He DECLINED THEM, gave them back to me, and put his hand out for money. This actually upset me a little bit, I got so sad for him. I put the bread on his piece of cardboard. He got upset. He looked scared. I felt like at that moment, I started to understand. Whoever had done that to him was watching.
I gave him a little bit of money and opened one of the bread loaves so we could eat it. If I was eating, too, and made it look like he didn’t have a choice, and he brought back money, maybe he would be okay. 
I don’t know. The world is not simple. But compassion really IS. We feel it, we know when it’s there, and we know when we are on the wrong side of it. We know when we are being it, and we know it doesn’t need recognition. The only thing that matters is first to promise to have it, then to actually use it, and never stop. 
This is the real meaning of Victory-Promise, Victory-Ability, and Victory-Everything. That experience, of recognizing that meaning, is called going to Sanctuary.
I firmly believe The Sanctuary System is simply a representation of the intent that all of us are always trying to express to ourselves. 




PROVIDE:
1) Meditation instruction
Basic Formal
Roar

2) Core loops (mantras)
This is a message from Olivus to all of us: 
We cannot keep doing what we have been doing since what we have been doing is making the part of the problem that obscures our ability to know who, where, what, and why we are, but:
Because of what it is, there’s a way this all goes to Sanctuary where OVP experiences safety, dignity, and love. 
Where all our relationships can be fixed, all our efforts never go to waste, and the real treasures hidden inside everything we dream of can be turned into wishes that actually come true through the interconnectivity of all of us and the recognition of the Victory-Promise of TWI, which has an inner radiance that creates Sanctuaries whenever it’s known.


GIVE:

T.H.E. S.A.N.C.T.U.A.R.Y. S.Y.S.T.E.M.


WELCOME TO BEING
OLIVUS VICTORY-PROMISE! 

This is your home. YOU CAN ACCESS THE SANCTUARY SYSTEM VIA PIO FLUENCY! Time to learn TWILITELANG. Fully expanded, “The Sanctuary System” means:[

TWI (T) HoloInfoArchive (H) Encodings (E) (T.H.E.)

Of the

Sanctuary (S) Allegorical (A) Network (N) Cipher ( C )
(S.A.N.C.)
for 

Transforming the World Incorporated
(T.)
and

Unlimited (U) Armory (A) for Revolutionary ( R ) Yanas (Y) (U.A.R.Y.)

Starting (S) YearRound (Y) Sanctuaries (S)
