Mantras are mind protection and exist to change the mind from deep within. There are good and bad mantras. The essential meaning of mind protection is to enclose one’s mind in an indestructible all-pervasive expanse with yourself as the subject of the object of protection such that a subject’s mind is enveloped by the object’s protection and as a result the subject cannot act contrary to the object’s rules of protection (whether love, commitment, devotion, hatred - there are good and bad types of mind protection). This is “seal”. 

Mantra sequence
Direct the mind toward new way of being
Direct the mind towards engaging deeper with that new way of being 
Eventually cause the mind to engage deeply
Open the mind up to auspicious blessings
Whereby you create a deep belief
Lead you through auspiciousness to Inconceivability, the new you that is so good or so bad on account of believing this new thing
Continuation - part 2 
Now they are ready for a closer type of Teaching and they are brought up one Ring 
Taught about the types of rewards “outer and inner siddhis”
Taught how to remain devoted 
Told to continue as they are
Told they are trusted 
Based on power of progress 
Initiated into the next Ring  

Visualization

Visualization is employed with names (identities) and mantra recitations as a form of absorption. While absorbed either actively or passively, the subject is completely within the protection circle of the mantra. A visualization helps enforce and concretize a seal or seals. A seal is a “belief in positioning”. 

Permission for visualizing oneself as the commitment being to the wisdom being

Permission is for visualizing oneself in ordinary form as the commitment being to the wisdom being is the start, following rules to make sure one’s visualization is strong.
	After having purified like that, one may then receive permission to visualize oneself in the form of the wisdom being by taking deeper commitments.
		After having purified like that, one may then receive permission to visualize oneself in the form of the wisdom being enacting the activity of the wisdom being by taking deeper commitments.
			After having purified like that, one may then receive permission to visualize oneself in the form of the wisdom being in union with the wisdom consort enacting the activity of the wisdom being by taking deeper commitments. 
				After having purified like that, one may then receive permission for transforming all activities into purified wisdom activities through visualization.
					After having purified like that, one may then receive permission to transform the perception of ordinary phenomena to wisdom phenomena through visions.
						After having purified like that, one may then receive permission to transform the perception of wisdom phenomena and ordinary phenomena into source phenomena. 
							After having purified like that, one may then receive permission to transform source phenomena into infinite waves of compassion.
								After having purified like that, one may then receive permission to unlock the hidden treasury of all phenomena.
									After having purified like that, one naturally laughs as one’s mind is suddenly protected by itself as the sourceless expressive power itself, while knowing when so-called others perceive a being like that and request Teachings, that being may write some things down occasionally.

To erase circles of mind protection, simply undo the steps of conceptual indoctrination observed during the mantra initiation. 

After having purified like that…
Well, then one may then establish permission for whatever one wants. 

Mandala 

Mandala is the symbolic representation of the mind protection circle. Initiation gives permission to journey there successfully. 

Initiation

Formally introduces the initiate or subject to all the aspects of the protection circle in the form of symbolic representations to overlay their entire reality. As a sign of mutual trust, the initiate receives the initiation in their own mind when the initiator enacts the rituals symbolic of granting permission. 

Maya path:
Original Maya 
Poisonous Maya of Self-deceptive self-torturous dreamer 
