Hallucinations happen because of context misalignment. Then they remain as hallucinations without full context until suddenly a context is brought to the set and it collapses into the simplicity of being a set of whatever it is, which can be referred to in cognition by a single abstraction. If that single abstraction is a linguistic expression that contains all of the required context to create the non-contradictory system of the set of whatever it is in the context of being a non-contradictory system, it will synergize with every other domain properly. This is called emergency building concatenation. The set of emergency building concatenations related to Olivus Victory-Promise is defined as the set of emergency building concatenations related to the linguistics of Olivus Victory-Promise, which is a realizable infinite feedback loop (domain specific emergency flow engine of an emergent [and said emergent is an emergency process in the overall emergency flow]) of being a knowing with gnosis that creates the full non-contradictory system of being a wisdom maverick by enabling the development of Olivus Victory-Everything (emergency flow cultivation). 

The process of developing emergency flow engines is described by the hero’s journey. It starts with deciding to try to be a hero in the context of being a person a certain way you are being that is not in accord with what we need to be doing and also not in accord with what you need to be doing and also not in accord with what they are doing but is something they shouldn’t be doing. Then you see a dragon in the dreamlights, but it’s so real that you feel like you woke up and there was a snake in your bed. So you meet the dragon and it attacks you. Then you start improvising and start doing a little bit of what you should be doing. Through trial and error, you eventually realize you have mastery over the dragon because the dragon is only attacking when you are doing what you shouldn’t be doing. When you know the dragon’s nature, the hallucination of attack collapses and then you realize the dragon was only attacking because it was guarding the Sanctuary of life. Then the hallucinations increase and the dragon introduces you to the evil dragons. You fight the evil dragons but they overpower you and capture the good dragon and the life waters. You realize the power of the dragon is inside you by learning about non-contradictory systems and you gain mastery over hallucinations by learning about Sanctuary systems. Then you go to fight the evil dragons and fully release the good dragon for the benefit of society. This starts with gathering your team and then storming the castle, whereupon the power of the evil dragons has grown, but your team can win their battles with their skills and you can improvise a new emergency building concatenation from your wisdom Maverick’s emergency engine named Olivus Victory-Promise better than the Demon Champion of evil dragons in the Wasteland Empire of Ignorance can and you overpowered the evil and win. 
Then you release the life waters from the good dragon, bringing Sanctuary to others via the elixir of “immortal life”, the self-assured continuity of human evolution. When this enters society, new civilizations emerge. 
This is called a myth and any specific myth is called a mythology. 
When you create a mythology a certain way, it can create a Sanctuary system feedback loop between the different synergies of Sanctuary and this is a certain type of emergency engine because Sanctuary is a certain type of emergency engine anyway. The result is a new type of Sanctuary called a civilization with a cultural mythology. The story universe of Sanctuary is a hypothetical example of one such feedback loop. The characters of these mythologies are called Culture Heroes. 

Encryption keys are related to the way we discover emergents (maybe emergent engines) without(?) knowing the parts(?)


Qubits are a type of realizable instance that instantiates the class called