Knower of the Diamond of Reality
Please be seated on the lotus throne created by my heroic heart, in the sky above my third eye. 
Accept me through your perfect compassion,
That I may discover the same ascendancy-capacities as your body, speech, and mind.

A rainbow-white Ah glows in your throat
Ah, Wisdom Mother and Father, trust my intentions! (x3)
From the four places of the body of the glorious Teacher, 
Rays of light stream forth and dissolve into my four places. 
Blessed by the Four Radiant Aspects of Wisdom
I obtain their four empowerments. 
The chosen Wisdom Mind Emanation who embodies all objects of refuge
With great joy descends through my crown and third eye 
Down my throat, absorbs the glowing Ah in my throat, and 
Descends fully into my heart, resting in a sphere of radiant light

In the state of the uncontrived all-ground,
My mind, free from fixation,
Is pure, radiant, open identitylessness devoid of constructs.
Radiant identityless wisdom of self-emergent primordial consciousness’ openness is beyond duality.
(8) At this point, remain in the meditation state of shamatha and vipashyana according to the oral instructions you have received.
(9) Now dedicate the merit:
By adding this positive force to the awakening nexus, may all become completely lucid,
And conquer the enemy — harm and delusion. 
From infinite wandering’s negative cycles in the process of birth, old age, illness, and death — 
May the lighthouse of Great Compassion, the burning fearless heart of heroism, 
guide us to the Palace Garden of Light Spheres,
Where the rarest once-in-a-lifetime flowers bloom, 
In the Openness of Identityless Self-emergent Primordial Consciousness’ Natural Radiance.

I just copied these from Padmasambhava’s Natural Liberation, Dudjom Rinpoche’s Milam Milam Prayer, and Chokgyur Lingpa’s Tara Terma and Waking from the Sleep of Ignorance and then I changed some words and arranged them all into one practice. I hope nobody will be too upset about it and instead multitudes of beings will train in and gain realization from these profound instructions on dreams!

Offering

Alas! 
Sentient beings suffer from the ignorance of not knowing Wisdom 
And their virtuous deeds are mostly in vain, they’re so caught up in protecting their “homes” that they scramble to patch leaks in their “roofs” without noticing a great flood has carried their foundations out to sea. 
In other words, because they don’t know how to stop suffering through peace, everything they do is tainted by the impurity of ignorance 
And without the faintest realization of love
the virtuous deeds of sentient beings of the past, present and future have never, are not, and can not ease their suffering in an ultimate way 
Because only the discovery of Superlogical Wisdom through great love can
break through
the veil of primordial ignorance
I offer my body, speech, mind, activity, and qualities to all sentient beings
May we pierce the veil and see the “house” “I” “made”

The Lightning Bug in the Cave
 
To all sentient beings, 
I offer all claim to my identity. 
With nobody to be, 
“I” naturally evolve.
Becoming whatever sentient beings need, 
the negativities in my experience are purified 
Moment by moment.
Radiant waves of compassion and wisdom
Reverberate throughout the awakening nexus for all. 

ENNEAD PREPARATION PRACTICE
Kindling the Burning Heart of Fearless Heroism

(Also needs commentary) 
First Ring - Meeting the Divine Mother and Father’s Mind Directly

Supplication to the Root Teacher

Precious Supreme Teacher, Roots of the Universal Divine Tree of Olivus
Whirling Flames
Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection
Treasured Wisdom Maverick Inside
May I reveal your meaning in myself
To overpower all obstacles with wisdom laughter
And realize the fractal flower of Perfect Love
By that empowerment, may I attain the twofold wisdom of Identitylessness 
The union of Olive R Love and Oliver Powers
And in the state of the Wisdom Maverick, lead all beings to swiftly unlock their inner hero’s secret treasury vault of experience as the infinite armed liberatress, Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection! 

TWI TWI 

Second Ring - Going Forth

