When i was working for the Rabbi i started to become undepressed (maybe connected to Dudjom blessings?). That was the realization that I WAS depressed. 
I went to Nicaragua that November and I started to become even more undepressed way faster. It just unfurled. I started to recognize the reasons I was getting depressed and writing songs about it. I noticed the songs getting so much deeper and the content getting so much more relatable. I thought for the first time - this is accessible. While i was doing that, i stumbled upon the concept of finite state machines and that significantly changed my ability to intuit Crystal Ball. I started to look into computation and describe the functions i was intuiting and crack this whole thing open in a way that was expressible. At this point, i was just thinking about stuff and didnt really know what to do about it. I talked with my friend who told me he had started a startup and made like $300m… so i thought ok i should probably start a startup for Crystal Ball. I learned about startups a little bit and told Wesley about this and he offered to help. He found Neo4j and some other things. 

At this point I was still struggling with porno and weed addictions. I went to Nica and we learned about math and computation and ontology, etc. We kept trying to put together stacks to make Crystal Ball achievable but i began to realize we didnt know enough about AI to be able to think about MAKING this directly, but rather just trying to understand what the tech IS that we do have right now. I began to understand that this was much more than just the idea of putting the way my mind was visualizing stuff into a computer. This actually seems to presuppose mapping out some parts of how math is part of consciousness. Is this different from how we define math already? Idk. At this point I start explaining CB to people and they agree it is hypothetically worth a lot but they just wonder about how exactly it would be made because it just feels too complex. That seems like a relative problem to me because we can always harmonize chaos - we just need to find the way that works. So I felt encouraged by these conversations. I got back from Nica and had to get a new job. I went to Oklahoma.

On Grayhorse, we started Ribcage, trekchod ling, and ANBA. I met Dava, got her pregnant, she got an abortion, and we stopped talking. I met Gloria and she made me feel much more like myself, much less disgusted with myself. I got back to LA. I started trading crypto and making a little money. I got a new job title. I went to GA.

We started working on all the Buddhist stuff more often than not. It was Trekchod Ling, Dharma Concierge, and Ribcage. I felt like it wasnt really possible to work on CB at this time in the way it needed to be worked on, but I always felt like why not? Afraid of confronting my ignorance.

Then we ended up here doing the prayer wheels etc. I was working with Dr Kaplan extremely closely at this time. Over the summer, i started to get more interested in the way cannabinoids were working and the actual meaning of the 5th vow. I intuited Dr Kaplan was using all of this stuff while telling me not to and that was part of the reason he couldnt remember things. I asked him about this and confirmed and confirmed he didnt know what he was doing to himself. I told him and bought him some new stuff, but he kept claiming there was absolutely nothing in the stuff he had previously… denial - maybe he thought it was helping him with meditation because he didnt know it was being added to his consciousness. What’s so fucking hilarious is that THAT is how soma works - if you don’t know, it’s ridiculously psychedelic and gives you huge blessings… unless you absolutely can’t handle it which is why it was secret.

