 where i felt like really centered in away that i hadnt before in away … without relying on other people and stuff but iat the same time able to heal everything with Christina onand i actually got so happy for the first time in my life (started dating Christina too) and i started to notice the deeper layers of my cognition going oon. I dont usually feel perfectionistic but when super relaxed im just aware of the way all of this stuff affects my mind (like even dust and stuff). I was suddenly realizing things like “if i dont clean the rug the dust can send a signal to my mind that blah blah and whats going to happen is ill fall into habits of procrastination by not oding anything about the dust and then think theres something wrong with me due to falling into the habit but in order to stay in denial about it id say theres something wrong with others but then resolve it and say theres something wrong with the world and then say oh yeah i gotta remember to just clean this dust, but it wont be about the dust any more because of the procrastination … 

The world is not the earth … that would be silly. 


The next day, im still like in the afterglow like feeling more intelligent than ive ever felt in my entire life like feeling a kind of intelligence that i didnt even know existed and im able to process and integrate and express things in ways i never was before. This was the first time i was able to write a flow or put together a system really fast oand extensively. 
Next day, my friend comes up and say he y my other frine dis a chemist and made this DMT can you show me how to smoke it? I was like okay its my first time but sure. We did it and she saw angels and stuff and her experience which was what she needed and it was great. Then she said she was good and i could have the rest. There was like probably 900mg. So I start packing the bowls and experimenting and i get to the point where everything is cool in CEV but in CEV i was still in the afterglow of the previous trip so i consciously was knowing how to deal with hallucinations as they were arising, so not just like abide but actually not react and let dissolve such that im able to see myself recognize the processes of my own cognition that make the hallcuinations and then they vanish of their own accord. I was like, whoa okay what is DMT like if you just let it dissolve? Let me smoke a lot more. 

So i did and after i did that a few times, i was just kinda like hm okay well idk i thought it would be more intense… at this point, i feel like ringing in my ears and i feel a little ball drop from the center of my head straight through the center of my body and out my butt. It was warm. I was like “what?” and at the same time iw as becoming aware of that and reacting, the buzzing got really loud and a lower sound like a drawbridge crank and then i got the feeling that whatever it was was coming closer, and then light BURST through the window and instantaneously atomized everything that existed including me, to the poin that i immediately realized my mind’s nature WAS this light. I was trying to tthink scientifically so i was like “oh it must be other dimensions and whatever” i was astral projected without a body but i could re-instantiate all of where i was, but i could go anywhere in the world or go there at the same time and hop back out of my body to talk to people i was with in consensus reality and there was this sense like “ya this is possible but if you mess this up its going to get weird and go away”. I noticed that because while i was astral projected i had this htought that i had to go back into my body and not back into the astral because people could steal my wallet. Immediately i got flung through this whole cascade of many many many different worlds or whatever and then in the process found a green woman who held my hand and led me through this whole thing and brought me to this place where everybody was dancing. She was like encouraging me to say “theyre all dancing