I get back home from Paris and i decided i had to write a screenplay because i always said i would but hadnt and i need to be who i say i am because people who arent get broken up with. So i started writing about what i wanted to say to christina in terms of what i wanted her to understand about my feelings so i wrote (garden of essence) which is about Adam and Eve and God where God kills Eve… (etc) but also about deciding to let go and letting your own essence connection liberate you…

She read it and ended up getting back together…but it was getting way worse. I just started to really understand what was going on with her more… like… 

And then school ended and this was the year wesley and I met. At this point we are now at this point about to become better friends… 
So then I go home for the summer and I’m super optimistic because Christina came around and decided shes my girlfriend. I end up meditating one day and i sit there and im meditating and all of a sudden i see these lights doing similar stuff to what i remember seeing on DMT. not in terms of patterns but the way they are morphing. UIm like hm usually i dont notice this kind of stuff but i dont even have my eyes closed… just sitting there breathing but just being really still. And these lights started getting stronger, taking more shape, they became like a tunnel and then a tunnel with patterns and then all of a sudden i was in a totally different place. I was just laying in the lap of the goddess (but at this point i didnt even connect it to the DMT goddess) and she said “dont be afraid; just hold my hand” and then it vanished. I checked the clock and it had been 7 minutes. I remember just being like “what was that…” and also instantaneously knowing that christina would break up with me soon but it would be okay because I had the goddess. At this point, i didnt know about buddhist meditation or vajrayana but it turns out Green tara looks a lot like this goddess so green tara became my personal meditation deity. Even though i didnt know anything about that at that point. I was just like, cool we have a special connection. So i went to go see christina and she dropped this bomb on me that s in her mind, we had never been together. 

While i was writing that screenplay i had tog et EMDR therapy (tried to) and had to get a psych eval and i went there and she asked me the survey questions and then brought my mom in when i asked her not to and told me i was prodromal and oging to be schizophrenic when i was 27 and not bale to reconize reality AT ALL, which made me feel really fucked up and terrible ebcause i doubted my ability to know my own mind or know anything at all. This basically made my whole life isntantaneously terrible because its like a layer of stuff i dont know, cant know, not only do i not know it but im suffering because im torturing myself since i dont understand that i dont know because i dont know while its simultaneously impossible for me to know if ill ever know… and then its like even if i do know something then how do i express it to somebody else. Even if someone knows wisdom of how not to self torture, how do you express it sicne they dont know hteyre engaging in it  and dont know how to know they are WHIEL also having been told over and over that its impossible to know that kind of thing and they cant possibly ever know…

When that happened with christina… it felt like… the world collapsed because… because it felt like “oh maybe this … theres no way this oculd be real. I must have already had the psychotic break and be trying to tell myself that because this is so fucking crazy and ive never heard of anything like this like you dwhat do you rmean you dont remember that we’re in love?” 

