I was born in LA

I always liked buddha statues. Thought it was interesting and always felt playful. Lots of characters that represented positive things like love, wisdom, wealth.

When I was a kid, my mom imposed a super strict diet on me (as many parents were in the early 90s but i also had some allergies so my mom was particularly strict about it)

In preschool i wasnt allowed to have treats during other kids’ birthdays. In a sense who cares, but also, it gave me a sense that or made me think that, i wasnt - something about me made it so that I wasnt fully included in the happiness of other people. Literally everyone else… that made me feel really weird. Even to this day my mom is like “the teachers asked us to stop but we… didnt” but then they did.

That turned into or grew into my acting out on the basis of a couple of things which were feeling like i wasnt spending enough time with my dad (because he was working like 100 hours per week) and also feeling like whenever I wouldnt understand something, it would also trigger that feeling (maybe this is another thing that other people do together that im not… [allowed to do] that i dont do and something that i cant be part of).

And then my best friend growing up started to find out about sex, which was like “oh this is something that everyone does that i can do. Oh this is like the secret thing everyone is doing that I can be part of - great” 

So im growing up im starting to get in trouble because im learning how to compete but competition is a thing i can be part of where its okay to exclude other people on the basis of their not having the merit - oh yeah okay. So I can compete in certain things? Great. Throughout this time I also had that seizure [it was earlier] where i first had symbolic representation of the cognition of a wisdom maverick. 

And then also one of my friends in childhood in massachusetts, when i would go to visit my grandparents (id be so bored and he was my only friend really) but the thing was he was a super angry kid so sometimes he would like hit me and say mean things and stuff. I would also witness his brother saying that mean stuff to him and hitting him and seeing him passing it to me and i knew intuitively thats what he was doing and so it didnt bother me because i just wanted to be friends. So if he did hit me or whatever id be like “ok what else do u like to do”. He showed me computer games and I really liked them because he really liked them and his brother really liked them and he was also allowed to do that with his brother, so my introduction to gaming was that in the context of abusive relationships. I then (i  thought he was the coolest kid ever) when i got home had my parents get me a computer and ended up getting all these games he introduced me to and more eventually. What happened was i was playing these games which was great for me because we lived in the opposite part of town as the other kids in my schol because they were from better off families so we couldnt have playdates because it would take 40 minutes of driving just to meet halfway so other kids werent into it and other parents werent into it. I also didnt have the stuff these kids were used to and that was weird trying to understand why other kids didnt like being at my house, until i started going to their houses but then i didnt understand why our houses were so different. As i get older, all my friends’ families started to collapse…. Anyway, so at this point im like 12 and all the kids are applying to middle school and i dont get in to any schools, which was just like — nobody said much about it to me, which i find a little bit surprising — even though my mom told me privately they had a lot of conversations with the school bc it was a private school and how could this possibly happen that you dont get into any middle schools - its not that competitive, whatever, “were so so sorry”. Then LA public school was about 48th in the US, so they were like “idk how this happened. Sorry” my parents were like “ok should we move or go to a diff school district…” the only options were far away which actually wouldve been great for me because it wouldve been with the asian kids

