 with me!” and it was the coolest and best thing ever. I couldnt remember any of it when i got back except for the dancing and the woman and the light. I didnt even remember that she was green at this point, but just the sense that she wasnt human exactly. So then I end up going home and when i go home im still not a full person in the world because we just moved back to LA and im separated from the kids i knew in NM and i dont know anyone in LA anymore, so inverse situation. Im like cool ill just play video games. I just play video games and that activates certain habits for me and im just so reliant on Christina for like emotional stuff shes not realint on me for because she has friends. So she ends up breaking up with me and but we already had plans to see eachother and i decided to still go back to MA and try to see her and she wanted to do that so we could talk because she felt like of course she wouldnt just abandon me feeling this way. That was really special to me. Nobody had ever helped me understand why they were leaving before. I think it was actually on the way home from bennington that i read Shambhala book (i definitely read the DMT book then). I was like oh fuck is this shambhala book about everything? The reason i thought that is because after i had that experience on DMT i thought what i saw was the cosmic mirror in Shambhala. I was really absorbed in my own worldview t othe poin t that i could read my own perceptions to the point that i was seeing but couldnt distinguish between seeing and having the thought that I would intuit what other people might be doing or saying and then think that was my expression as i was having the thought but then other people would do exactly what the thought was thinking, simultaneously. I thought hmmmm reality and me are in some weird relationship. How does this work? Is it like this for everyone? Its not a god complex idea its just “how does the relationship between consciousness and reality actually function”. Then i, started to experience all of these synchronicities and stuff that when i read the Shambhala book i was just like wow its so full of synchronicities that they must have done this on purpose and also maybe there are names for all of this stuff? I remember thinking like “how would we ever know if he was talking about DMT though” before i, i had already realized while i was on DMT all of that stuff like “this is what happens when you die and it must all be chemically related and everyone must be talking about this all the time but its just complicated” studied a little bit of the neuroscience of DMT… read more about neuroscience and tibetan book of the dead and felt like i didnt understand that so i went back to the shambhala stuff. I didnt get involved with them but i took everything to heart as like “this is the actual (must be the actual) technique”.

I remember when christina broke up with me I was so devastated and i curled up with my cat and was crying and then started thinking about how she was only doing this because she was forgetting what its like when were together because were growing in different ways but i wish she would grow with me… just each growing however, together. Spontaneously i started putting together all these things like “oh my god theres no way to help people see love if tgey dont live thesmelves and theres no way for them to love themselves if other people are constantly torturing themselves because they also want to be loved but dont love themselves a” and this is just like an infinite soup of how do you break out because how do you love yourself when you dont know ho you are and if nobody knows who they are unless they love themself… ok

So i felt like there isnt a way to do this. I felt like BUT there also then HAS to be a way to promote love, to love, that breaks that self-torture. As I was looking for a way to help.. because i was looking for a way to love myself and then got over it and decided i wanted to actually help others love