And because of everything else i just thought “i hate myself so much. I wasnt skillful enough to help her love herself and couldnt communicate anything i wanted to and the world fucked her up just like it did to me… and she was so beautiful as a person and it just shattered me. She starteed to get further and further away from me and i heard about her doing worse things to herself and … at that point i really ebcame depressed in a way i hadnt felt before - so depersonalized that i could start to see the really really REALLY really dark stuff. Because…. After christina broke up with me, which she didnt even really do she just flat out rejected the existence of love between us one day… which was ironic because thats what i did to her when we were first together… and … after that, the whole thing happened with frenchie and veronica which was fucked. That was me thinking that i was so much better than this other person because they dont know how to relate the right way (which was true and he admits) but it was still not my place to do that and  as a result when i got back to bennington, it became like my worst nightmare because… 
Frenchie tried to turn people against me and it worked and veronica was usign me and i was just trying to find a replacement for Christina. Made a lot of people hate me, I did… again, the same way other people made me hate them (INTERESTING THEME/to teach myself about their perspective?) – even worse because i had done the thing that was the thing that was done to me (a version not the full thing but that made me feel really fucked up). 

Then my mom took me to Shambhala for the first time. That was great. It was weird actually because the people there didnt seem to know or didnt want to tell me about the stuff i was asking about (the deities and symbolism of their owntradition) (and them not knowing while practicing the tradition made me feel like they did know but werent telling me). I started on that path of doing retreats and learning meditation and established a daily practice and Welsey and i started hanging out a lot. 
We became good friends really fast because i had become friends with frenchie really fast (and this is basically how all our relationships worked). Wow bennington is crazy because things can happen with people who youve only know for about 5 months or whatever that would never ever happen in the real world. It’s like oh i just met you but i feel like youre my best friend because more formative stuff has happened way faster and more intensely than in other places in my life
Then we got in a fight, frenchie and i, and i almost killed him. I slammed him into a wall and noticed there was a nail sticking out of the wall right next to his head and i was like “I wasnth thinking and i couldve just accidentally killed him right there. His life would be over. How did this get…” and after that everything immediately changed. Christina dropped out and I never saw her again. I only ever heard about her suffering which was really fucked up. And then i went to Shambhala and starte doing practice and confronting habits like realizing that i didnt actually need psychedelics to grow but they just helped me to get new experiences and the experiences always feel really new while they are happening but that is the feeling of a new thing being introduced so obviously it’s not sustainable because it would require you to be learning so much incredible stuff all the time – who the fuck would you be? You’d be everybody (???). That’s no fun.

