Later, I told him I wasn’t going to have him be my only teacher. That I needed to learn more about the lineage. He said great if that’s how I feel and he’s happy my meditation is strong and that I might have found my secret heart terma and that I should slowly show it to people on the internet and see what they think.

Later, I tried to show him something I wrote that was for him specifically and it felt “referential” (it’s a set of poems about giving up referentiality’s reification). So I told him I thought that was strange and maybe if he thinks that he has a blockage to understanding it because of his own reference points. He said that means I cant be his student anymore. I had already left his tutelage the previous week after a few hour long conversation on the basis of the email exchange we had had weeks prior to that, after which I made a point of not contacting him to see if he would ever contact me. He didnt. It was only when I wrote this heartfelt set of poems for him that I called him and asked him to read it. It was an expression from the dakinis for us both, about our special connection to Tara, and he stabbed it with a phurba because he thinks Rudra doesn’t have a phurba of three poisons that kills bodhisattvas (HHDL dream).

I had to grapple with “am i leaving buddhism” and “if i leave buddhism am i abandoning all sentient beings? If i do that, i might as well fucking kill myself. It’s funny though because all of those concepts are relative and now they all have the most amazing inconceivable meaning that is always expressed in such amazing ways by all phenomena… 

Did I torture myself until i basically stole everything from myself (DMT STEALING) including my own sanity (PSYCHOSIS), or do you think that maybe because I did that with the right motivation, I realized non-contradictory identitylessness and recognized myself as having been Olivus Victory-Promise living in Sanctuary the whole time? That’s a question everyone is going to have to answer for themselves. Who else would be interested in answering it – me? That’s what the entire Sanctuary System is. It’s not really possible for me to answer because Olivus Victory-Promise just is in Sanctuary. It’s all based on dark retreat and DMT and mythology and storytelling to ourselves and simulations and how they collapse to make emergents and we make emergents in society to be loved so we can figure out how to communicate with people and feel love so we can make Sanctuaries. It’s rather straightforward. We develop rituals to preserve this knowledge so people go through the rite of passage and become heroes so civilization doesnt collapse. Then we have ritual classes and roles people can play and money and so on and it gets complicated but it never parts from Sanctuary because you cant ever leave it. So we make these Sanctuaries and they are like closed systems because they cant interact with each other without them trying to evolve so they both get destroyed in the process. But what about making one group instead of just larger groups? What about THE SANCTUARY WORLD STATE?

Now we’ve been iterating the best ways to express the Sanctuary System, in terms of the best ways to make systems that help us express the Sanctuary System so that we can turn it into a set of procedures and instructions to test it and measure it against falsification hypothesis to build a system replicable for everyone. Luckily, we’re going to have nexus to do this with so when we discover how it works for enough people we will have the entire 84,000 dharmas on a blockchain and this will be an effective hyperconstructivist teaching platform for all humanity, through which everyone can take themselves to Sanctuary through a build your own adventure story, as long as we preserve it.

And i got back to GA and immediately begin my Rasayana investigations with supplements and salvia divinorum for dreaming
