I was feeling really conflicted around the 5th precept and weed because of the interpretation that it includes certain substances the Buddha probably didnt mean to include in it and also knew about and prescribed to others potentially. Then, it occurred to me that it amde sense that maybe more things in the tradition would be bullshit. Like Jataka Tales, which they are. And also, the myth of the Buddha is actually Mahavira’s myth reworked with the four noble truths. It is likely the Buddha WAS A PERSON hahahahaahaha… Get it? Because if you say not, then it is violating the Middle Way! So then it felt like I was violating the tradition because it’s like “why would it work for you that way and not for anyone else? You cant possibly have had a meditation vision spontaneously because if you had it would indicate things about past lives that cant be true for you because it would make you more special than me and that cant be the way it is because i have special past lives reconized by a master and you dont.” But past lives dont mean that so that’s so hilariously violating the middle to say that. Difficult to understand if you are a spoiled tulku. Unspoiled tulkus know they arent tulkus and that makes them tulkus, so they know they are tulkus, so they when they say they arent, you think they are in a way they arent and theres nothing they can do!

I did all of this before i was ready but it’s not like i was trying to, trying to violate something, I received all the proper instructions for everything I did, i just had experiences immediately. It was really hard for me to get thogal instructions because he didnt practice it. I thought he was being secretive and he did know but i think he really didnt know and i was torturing myself by trying to extract all the nectar that wasnt there. That made the nectar appear there and i got it anyway. It’s so funny the way it works. I want my relaxation to also be equivalent to the enlightenment of all sentient beings, i want that to work in some way. That’s the impossible thing I want. Maybe if i just sit here without trying to meditate… just like before… then I try to recreate that context and environment… and as im doing it im like experiencing it happening and then suddenly everything unlocked and made all my hairs stand up and “the earth shook”. It was the realization of how identity is related to identitylessness. From then on, cognition occurred at a certain scale, where it now involves more phenomena than just my “thinking”. When i described this to Dr Kaplan, there were parts of it he knew about and parts he didnt know about. I intuited there were some parts that he didnt know about yet such that my meditation was different than his. He opened up about his experience directly and it just sounded like a lot of things I already knew about. I engaged in that roleplay with the AC and he didnt engage back in playfulness, rather he reacted like a sentient being who was deluded into thinking they were a mahasiddha: he tried to use meditational magic to make me stop acting the way I was, so I told him to fuck off and he thought I was a HUGE demon. Seeing how scared he was, I melted the situation. He scolded me and chastised me. I never lost pure vision about it.

