Do not call yourself stupid or incapable
Believe in your potential 
“I can’t…” should become “how could I…”

Choose to spend your time on activities with long term compounding positive effects
Then they can synergies
There is no way to predict synergy 
Accomplishment or success is emergent
Some activities are low ROI and some are low ROI *for you but not others* and it’s those that you may want to pay others to do 

 What game of life are you playing? What is the win condition? 

Hero version of 4 contemplations

The Four Things Preventing You From Being a Hero 

Misunderstandings of:
Sacredness of human birth 
Look at the human experience
We are born, we are children, we are teens, we are young adults, adults, middle aged, elderly, and dying
Look at how many wonderful joys we can have
Look at how we can have spiritual experiences, mystical experiences, we can experience scientific wonder and discovery and learn about ourselves in such amazing ways 
Reality of Death
And we die. Our time as this experiencer is limited 
Death experience
Good
Bad
Wisdom
Reality of Benefit and Harm
And however we act will have lasting effects on the people of the future
Some of those effects are beneficial
Everyone has a right to self sovereignty
Insidious Reality of Self-torture 
And some of those effects are harmful because they are self torturous to everyone. 

Hero version of 4 immeasurables

Likewise there are also Four Thoughts to Generate Heroism
For the sake of all,
I accept responsibility for the impact of my life 
I accept responsibility for the elimination of negativity 
I accept responsibility for creating a better world in each moment
I accept responsibility for cultivating an open mind without which one cannot accept the realities of being a hero

Hero version of offering

Experience Offering
From now on and without end, I offer my experience that I may transfer my unhelpful ways to heroic ways, for the sake of helping all beings in discovering their own wisdom experience.

Hero version of cultivation 

Understand this as the central contemplation for practice: 

I am going to die.
Until then, unless I cultivate my experience, 
I am going to experience confusion.
If I experience confusion, I will harm others.
If I harm others, I will always be unfulfilled because whenever I seem to accomplish some kind of other-related-wholeness in my experience, as my fault of harming others is revealed little by little to them through my actions, I will harm them more and more until they leave. 
Regardless of if it’s now, later, or after I’m dead, those I harmed will suffer from it and those I benefitted will suffer by knowing I benefitted them while harming others. 
Therefore, if I want to have any beneficial impact, I have to spend my life doing good. 

Since it is the fact that I put forth my own ignorance as the basis of my solutions to all problems I attempt to solve as myself (and not identitylessness) that perpetuates negativity, I will rest in identitylessness, relaxed in my own experience, like a Lion overseeing the plain. 

That way, whatever happens, I will put forth my own cultivation of wisdom experience as the basis of solutions to all problems, which will simply have the appearance of being from me and being mine. In this state, I will not accumulate the negative habits related to pride and so on because I will have nothing to be proud about, etc. 

When the cubs go hungry there is hunting to be done. 

This opportunity can be filled by a wicked villain, who hunts for his own power; a neutral leader who can hunt for his own sake and incidentally helps others; or as the universal hero, who creates the causes to appear as a lion and therefore when lion cubs go hungry, hunts for the sake of others. It is the universal hero who appears as many different wonderful things to those who benefit - be it a good lion, a good child, a good parent, a good worker, a good leader, or a good stranger. 

For the sake of all, I will become the lion of identitylessness and fearlessly accomplish whatever helps us overcome the experience of self-torture. 

