If we don’t let others in on it, it’s not like they will never get to play with us, rather they will discover it for themselves and let themselves into the playground, so-to-speak. But just so people don’t think this is completely ridiculous, to start spelling it out slowly, the game identitylessness plays is trying to get players who believe themselves to have an identity other than identitylessness to reveal the exact game they, themselves, are playing and trying to get others to play (ie their inner identities). Being prideful, they’ll try to share their game with you and subsequently become confused as they contact identitylessness. They will tell you the rules of their game. While doing so, the appearance of you will collapse as they tell you a facsimile of the deep belief they hold about their own identity that they also, upon sharing, deeply believe they should’ve kept secret since they want to perpetuate their identity, and they will see a mirror of themselves in you. At this point, you will be able to help them immensely by giving them some kind of help in the form of a method for alignment between their rules of their own game called “Demonic Possession by the Villain” and the actual rules of the game called “Play”. This method of alignment can take the form of words or actions, and its effect is that the person identifying as the villain will eventually use it on their hero’s journey. This is why the game is played by heroic individuals. 

Play always occurs first and foremost by being yourself. That is because the nature of your experience is identitylessness and the expression of identitylessness is loving, lucid, and ecstatic (even if we only experience facsimiles of that right now). That means YOUR nature is loving, clearly expressive, and blissful, as long as YOU obstruct it. Play is always loving, because it occurs by displaying the source to others through yourself (what others call their experience of your appearance in their consciousness). For this reason, play can occur between villains and heroes without the villain being directly villainous towards the hero during playtime. Oftentimes, heroes don’t associate with other heroes because they’re all surrounded by villains all the time. That’s because this type of interaction naturally connects any phenomenon with its true, identityless source, which includes letting it evolve all of its naturally self-emergent stages or transformations of association with the source to varying degrees, and progressively increasing that degree until it is the same and no identity remains. Fully grown heroes often have very little to do with each other, apart from creating networks of benefit to help demons and innocents. What is the difference between a demon and an innocent and why are they both villains? A demon is a villain who wants you to play their game and an innocent is a villain who wants to play your game. Neither of them will ever get what they want. They can only ever be Identityless heroes or self-identified villains. 

This whole process is called Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection. This is quite complicated and you must experience it for yourself, which is why it is only ever communicated through asking you to discover it within yourself. In fact, it’s so mindblowingly complicated that it is actually the definitive meaning of TWI, and all the different TWIs, including The Wisdom Intent, are pure manifestations of it. Do you understand? 

Experiencing
You, yourself
Becoming a 
Universal hero 
Reveals the meaning 
Of TWI
And infinite perfection 
Because “this” experience of “that”
“Is” Timeless Webbed Infinitude 

TWI TWI 

TWI’s goal is to have as much fun as we can with everyone while introducing them to the game of universal heroism. As everyone plays, we all have fun, and everyone eventually finds working for themselves at TWI so much fun that they stop working for other people. 

////////
Explanation of meditative experiences and how to handle them 

How to understand absorption and synchronicity
 
