To cultivate identityless wisdom, we engage in the practice of experientially cultivating the Identityless experience through the Identityless aspect of our consciousness. This is usually called meditation but we will call it cultivation to distance the concepts in our own minds. What do we cultivate? Through remaining in the experience of being identitylessness while simultaneously observing the habits of “my” experience as “myself”, we cultivate joining identitylessness of consciousness with identitylessness of experience. Interestingly and somewhat paradoxically, this is done without losing any of the richness of the experience we call “my life as a lion” or “my life as Alice” or whoever you think you are. 

How do we practice cultivation? 
Remain knowing Identityless without suppressing anything

Formal cultivation
This is practice that occurs within a session, whether lying down, sitting, or standing. 
Posture
Eyes
Observe thoughts as they arise
And just watch with delight as they dissolve themselves like scenes of a movie 
You should watch this movie like a grandmother taking a child to a movie. What’s important is the experience of the whole circumstance, not the quality of the movie 

Informal cultivation
This is practice that occurs outside a session, whether during your day at home, at work, or at play. No matter what kind of ordeal you meet on your heroic journey, it is informal cultivation if you experience it as identitylessness. Not only that but you do so without making a big deal about “being” identityless (you can’t make a big deal about it because you can’t say anything about it). 

Identityless Experience, itself
Openness 
Lucidity 
Ecstasy 

Wisdom of Superlogical Identitylessness 
This is how you know it’s Wisdom 
When you try to express it
If you don’t express it exactly as it needs to be expressed according to that exact momentary context
It doesn’t make sense 
This is because you keep cutting off recognition of it, which occurs in a momentary context, and trying to express it from past experiential recognition, which is  ignorant non-recognition in the now. Instead, it must be expressed from lucid, openness which doesn’t fear how it sounds or appears, or about pretenses put forth by egoistic individuals about its own capabilities. So, that’s also why it is impossible to remain in cultivation with pride. We may think we do remain, but when informal cultivation opportunities are at hand our capacities are lacking, and with pride in the way of our sight, we are blinded and in our blindness we mistake the light behind our own eyelids for the sign of the overwhelming illumination of our own Identityless nature. 
This is because ultimately, in order for anything to reveal the full richness of its display, it must be observed from the views of confusion, awakening (aka journey or search or path), and Identityless non-contradiction which is love. 
This aspect of experience’s continual revelation of its own inherent qualities is called infinite perfection. 
And the fact that non-contradiction is realized through identitylessness is called wisdom. 
In this sense, non-contradiction is realized by identitylessness and identitylessness is called (in common reference because referring to the Identityless aspects and their infinite perfection takes too long for humans to do in most contexts) wisdom. The ultimate wisdom is the knowledge of identitylessness’ non-contradiction derived from direct experience. 

Play 

