Absorption is your worldview. You have beliefs within which you have absorbed your basis of experience inside of, and your basis cannot realize anything outside the self-imposed boundary of this absorption due to the false appearances, which means everything you mentally construct or conceptualize by subsequent absorption on account of synchronicity is automatically wrong yet appears correct to you and will be added to your worldview and defended to the death (and maybe even after). That is, once absorbed in a belief, anything that coincidentally happens to seem related will be taken as an auspicious cosmic sign confirming your thoughts about your own thoughts of your own experience. Although mostly we are wrong whenever we do conceptualize anything, this feeling of noticing the quality of some kind of infinite perfection within the relationship between ourselves and what is sometimes called “the universe.” This specific feeling or intuition is part of the infinite perfection of Timeless Webbed Infinitude. That is also why it’s so easy to take it and turn it into something that is “mine, because I think blah blah blah about the universe and this proves my ultimate, absolute view of the ultimate, absolute truth - don’t do that. If you don’t do that and instead you are a Universal Hero, remaining in identityless Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection, you will eventually emerge as the Wisdom Maverick as everything collapses into a single Identityless absorption of infinite synchronicity. This is beyond and completely different from normal absorption and normal synchronicity. Know that so you don’t fool yourself.

That said, if something from your meditative experience is valuable then it will simply manifest as skill in benefiting others. The Wisdom Maverick is a Universal Hero who is infinitely skillful within the experience of their own ignorance, hopes and fears. That is to say they are completely fearless and as a result are always fully cognizant of Identityless Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection. As a result of fearlessly abiding in Identityless timeless webbed infinitude of infinite perfection, implicitly they experience infinite love and power in creating sparks by means of skill in dealing with self-torture. Explicitly, they are a very powerful Universal Hero. Apart from becoming a universal hero and progressing to awakening as the Wisdom Maverick, it doesn’t matter at all what fantastic things you experience and you should not rely on any methods to lead you there other than directly identifying identitylessness in all its superlogical non-contradictoriness within your own experience (during cultivation). If this happens you will also naturally and automatically realize the full extent of identitylessness’ superlogical non-contradictory philosophical implications for the benefit of others (ontological, epistemological, phenomenological, ethical, and logical). Then nothing will be confusing and everything will be infinitely perfect, just as it is. 

— or

12 week model of talks that completes the outer introduction to the secret gathering cycle
Each module
Guided meditations
Overall weekly talk
Smaller talks on aspects of the larger topic
Encouraging individual exploration in post-meditation
For a day or two or three or four, and then on to the next

FREE COURSE – just an intro talk that you get access to for a limited time and have to “wait” for the next one
Basically it’s a level 1 talk
What does Sanctuary feel like?
Like pure space
A womb

12 Week course available after - Sanctuary and the Wasteland
Inner Sanctuary
The Wisdom Intent (talk 1)
Victory-Promise (talk 2)
Sanctuary World State (talk 3)
The Wasteland 
Wandering (talk 4)
Demons (talk 5)
The Wisdom Maverick
Oliver Powers (talk 6)
Alignment of activity
Olive R Love (talk 7)
Alignment of Identityless love
Water Dragon (talk 8)
Joining the two lovers
Happens at any point, but is the energy
The Wisdom of Identitylessness (talk 9)
Infinite Armed Liberatress 
Faceless Whirling Flames of the Mirror Mask 
The Wisdom Maverick (Talk 10)
Sanctuary Network State
The World Incorporated
Glacial Lake
