Informal cultivation will always take the form of playfulness. Why? Because in the heroic experience of identitylessness, there is also incredible love. On account of developing this heroic love, the experience of what others would call “you” (ie all the pains and joys of this life) will begin to dissolve themselves as “my” experiences and well up as ways to communicate effectively with others. Therefore, interacting with others as informal cultivation will always be playful. Likewise, the Identityless experience sees its own mind and its own conscious experience as a flow of perspective shifts between self-torturous habits of ignorance and the illuminating phenomena of heroism, (including all of the aspects of the phenomenal world that help us realize the Universal Hero [Wisdom Maverick] within our experience). When this dynamic is recognized from the heroic view, its self-torturous phenomena and illuminating phenomena all dissolve into identitylessness itself, and this is why it is called play. 

The Rules of the Heroic Game Called “Play” 

Like children at a playground, we must be mindful of the container in which the game we are playing occurs and how we play with others, even if we have our own game that we play by ourselves. 
Play occurs in the container of your own experience. 
Play occurs for others in the container of their own experience. 
Therefore, play is actually extremely secret because it must be discovered by oneself. 

Likewise, when we first discover it, since it is a game that “I” only just discovered how to explain to “myself”, we must keep it to ourselves as we play and progress through its stages. If we try to let others play our own game, it will confuse the way we believe ourselves to understand the rules of our game (because adding another player makes it speed up significantly). Because we are talking about identification here, this resultant confusion can subsequently lead to mental health problems. This may seem hopeless. What’s the point of discovering an infinitely fun game within myself if I’m the only one who can play it? Won’t that just make me seem like a crazy person? No, actually it is precisely believing that others need to play YOUR game that creates the insanity and the insanity will be inside of your own mind, masquerading as Identityless wisdom. Why? Because if we must realize how to play Identitylessness’ game of identityless play in the context of the experience of being “me”, then others must also realize how to play identitylessness’ game of identityless play in the context of the experience of being “me”. If I try to get them to play MY game of identityless play, I am fooling myself and them, and even worse, I am trying to make them fool themselves, which is the opposite of play, while claiming that this that I am playing is indeed the secret game of play. 

Compassion 
