 LAYER IS A COMPLETE EXPLANATION from a given “scoped distance”. Groups of agents with similar scopes that group them by information asymmetry in a transactional context are called “information civilizations.” In business, each stage provides a deeper understanding (to the contact, cold lead, warm lead, or ascendant) of the customer's position and potential for gaining competitive advantage, and how they interact with the business. Ie a complete funnel is one where the avatar goes from having a pain point to BEING PROVIDED EVERY OVERCOME TO EVERY OBSTACLE IN A PREDETERMINED PATH FROM THAT PAIN POINT TO THE GOAL, which was achieved by someone else and now sold as a system, regardless of how that is encapsulated. For example, it can be encapsulated as a good or a service, ie an apple or an info packet. In a completely efficient funnel, the funnel extracts money from the contacts by accessing them via specific linguistic routes that trigger a perception of potential to obtain a compounding competitive advantage that greatly outweighs the price, time and effort required to obtain the goal. Each layer of the funnel (step in the ascension process at any level) is a set of guardrails that lead the experiencer to self-invoke the AIDA process with their own curiosity as it pertains to their level of perceived pain (from their pain point the funnel targets) in their everyday life. Early-stage leads need education; while later stages need focused objection handling. Likewise, offers need to be made according to what is most useful for the experiencer at that point, most related to 1) their actual dream goal, 2) their actual place, if they're willing to accept that label. If they do, they are IN THE FUNNEL. If they dont, THEY START TO FALL OUT. Starting to fall out, their objections need to be validated -- if they really deserve to have that label, it follows they really actually need the product. Attention: Grab interest by highlighting the pain point.
Interest: Showcase how your solution is the answer.
Desire: Build a strong desire for the benefits your solution delivers.
Action: Compel the customer to purchase.


Likewise, infocivs map to kardashev scales by Information, Data, Knowledge, and Experience, where an e-civ is highest order and info-civ is lowest order. They get the information from the ecosystem's effects and exploit that fact to enhance themselves. They fail to do so, and only by reflecting on this get Data. Data-civ exploits i-civs via that fact to enhance themselves, and this continues for K and E civs, and each one is nested (i-civs have within them D, K, and E subclasses, which each have IDKE subsubclasses [and the rest are minutiae for the constituent civilians interacting])


Understanding information civilizations can help you identify leverage points and optimize your pain point to dream goal via offers mechanics, engineering algorithm, and engineering. 


Information Civilizations: A theoretical model where entities are classified based on their level of information control as defined by their ability to exploit entities in lower classifications or be exploited by higher ones **in transactions of worldviews and which one is right**; a higher info-civ is able to appear like it isn't a higher info-civ and all info-civs claim to be e-civs. The order of ascension is: I, D, K, E. IT DOES NOT CHANGE, EVER, because E means experiencing the KNOWLEDGE OF X KNOWLEDGE COMING INTO BEING. K means having I of D. D means having K of I. E is knowing why IDK are chaining back and forth in that way.

Attracting & Converting I-civs: Provide free valuable content to establish authority and address pain points, guiding I-civs towards becoming D-civs through knowledge acquisition.
Differentiating & Upselling D-civs: Provide more in-depth, exclusive content demonstrating your superior knowledge base. Nudge them towards becoming K-civs.
Retaining & Engaging K-civs: Offer insights/analyses that go beyond what K-civs themselves can produce, solidifying their dependency on your perspective (and thus, furthering their journey towards becoming E-civs).

