This is a manual for the practice of daring illusory play and is a commentary on the emanation chapter of History by Dudjom Rinpoche (big red book). In other words, it contains the instructions for Warriors to battle the apparitional demonic forces of Mara, Mara’s daughters, and Rudra. The brave should understand the consequences of wrathful activity as being varied, but if you fear that, you cannot engage in this practice fully because it implies you do not have confidence. Nonetheless, if you always keep Supreme devotion of Mahakarunika, the Future Buddha’s abhisambodhikaya will only become stronger. Then, when you crack your egg and expand, you will naturally reveal the various emanational powers implicitly and explicitly. This type of practice is only for bodhisattvas of Supreme devotion since while practicing you may encounter psychological violence from demons and have all your emanations dissected and thrown into the sociopolitical garbage disposal or subjected to physical violence and die. The courage to engage in this is called heroic self-identitylessness. 

As for the rules of the game of daring illusory play: 

It is played by compassionately assembling conditions conducive for merging minds and compassionately acting accordingly to relax doubt through spontaneous symbolically perfect activity. 

Put simply the tutorial lines are: 

You have “purified” mind
Merge it with “unpurified” mind
And “feed demons”

If you feed demons with compassion mixed with the flavor of their desirous propensities and against their hatred, then they see you as the lord of their demonic lineage and this is pacificational increase. 
Those to be trained become subjugated and as a result the apparitional emanation of knowledge’s powerful love increases. As a result, demons become heroic gods and the emanation’s magnetizing power increases. As a result, the apparitional myth of the journey of the switchbacks of the Nine Yanas is made manifest like invisible light rays becoming visible when particles pass through and obstruct them. The obstruction of wisdom by the minds of sentient beings leads them to wisdom mind when the conditions of the apparition of the path and the heroic seeker are both present AND the heroic seeker actually sees the apparitional emanation of the bodhisattva instructing them (because they can’t see Buddhas because they are not yet a Buddha, so they can’t even actually imagine their Teacher as a Buddha, but rather see the Teacher as a never-before-seen type of God). 

When concluding activities with impure beings, by requiring a commitment to their True Self identity of identitylessness infinite perfection, then when these “fed” demons are called upon circumstantially, they manifest perfectly as the emanations of the Teacher inside them. Because they identity the inner Teacher with their outer Teacher, they obscure the apparition of their own enlightened activity and cause the Teacher’s enlightened activity themselves. In this way, the Buddha or Bodhisattva’s emanations of the protectors, the ordinary assembly, the sublime assembly are accomplished. Because this is how activity works, all enlightened activity is spontaneously accomplished by the Identityless Teacher’s myriad perfect emanations. 

Their Yidam is the proclivity they use to understand the view. Their Dakini is their own revelatory discerning insight. Their Lama is the wisdom of ultimate reality; and the Buddha is wisdom of ultimate reality cognized by the “sentient being” and is none other than the discovery of the ultimate reality of wisdom mind beyond ignorant mind, and takes place in the overlapping buddhafields of so-called relative truth. In this way, we cannot say that all sentient beings reside in Akanishta. In summary, students are the requisite objective condition for Teachings, this is not contradictory, and even demons are students of their own inner Buddha (but their inner dakas and dakinis have become wrathful). 

