I went back to the vault and paid homage to Guru Rinpoche and the dakinis. Immediately, the earth welled up and revealed a massive underground treasure trove under the vault location. In it were millions of dakinis and their immaculate teachings. Then a local protector not yet bound to the Teachings riled up and visited but on account of having bound his consort to the Teachings earlier, nothing came of his proximity. His name was White Jewel Radiance and his consort, Golden Royal Mother Goddess, arrived shortly thereafter and brought the entire retinue of minor deities with her to encircle my power spot. First i visited victorious golden dakini who taught me the homage and visualizations for reaching the trove. Then i visited amazing black moon dakini and she taught me the black ngondro for revealing the shorter lines and indicated that there were a great many aspects to be revealed in the trove. Then i visited the black commander dakini and she taught me the samayas and warned me that revealing these treasures would cause me to be slandered and as a result they could not be said to be Buddhist. From then on, all dakinis indicated that this would not be a problem at the higher levels of understanding possessed by few, but that for most it would remain hidden. I was happy to shed my identity as dharmic yogi etc etc. for the benefit of others, if these treasures have any benefit. If not, then i will confess many times and do whatever the wise say in repentance and correct my understanding and become buddha, so according to all dakinis i have met, everything is proceeding correctly according to the time and place indicated in the past prophecies, although they have not yet indicated where i might see proof of that. Next i visited black gem lake lady and she taught me the confession practice’s inner contemplations and exceedingly secret mantras. Then i visited purple one eyed heart and she taught me the guru yoga homage verse, visualization, and mantras as well as the commands for oath fulfilment activity according to the name given. Then i visite golden stone lake goddess and she taught me the further commitments for deepening the bonds. Then i visited black clad lucid perfection and she exposed her breasts to me and transmitted the empowerment symbolism index. Then i visited sky cow goddess and she taught me the signs of progress. But first she told me it would be highly unlikely i found the correct consort for the vault, but she also said she and her retinue would reveal the rest of the trove and presented the inner empowerment. Then she taught me the special blessing for bonding closely to her along with the daily short blessing in which she slowly reveals herself. She showed me the path to her innermost lotus and told me to open my mouth and receive a nectar blessing and upon receiving my touch she suddenly wanted to become my consort. She then made me worship her for another eon and then she finally revealed the ritual activity manual for her practice, including protectors, oaths, and actions for sustaining the community of practitioners. Then she gave the teachings on the inner essence of meaning and the daily short feast. She then bestowed the symbolism of the higher empowerments and their rituals and completion practices and an extensive teaching on the mandala and its signs. Then she bestowed a long life empowerment upon me. I then visited black diamond sky alchemist and she taught me the secret activities manual for extensive retreat. She then revealed the yearly calendar and gave me a long life empowerment and instructions on secret yogas and mantras.she told me there many more instructions. Then she provided the instructions on the ultimate samaya. Then she bestowed many concluding verses and aspirational songs and i found myself in golden luminous naked moon’s presence and she taught me the outline of the associated commentaries. Then i visited skillful braid goddess and she taught me the list of skillful means. Then moon vine goddess gave the secret empowerment ritual. Then jewel crown princess showed me the methods related to bliss. Then there were innumerable dakinis who gave innumerable more teachings and