When not practicing, Primordial Buddha Seeds are Wanderers and Gods and Demons. When they practice with the fearless heart of heroism, they are Heroes. When they discover universal heroism, they are Faceless Whirling Flames of the Mirror Mask. When they discover ultimate daring illusory play, they are implicit Wisdom Mavericks. When they are implicit Wisdom Mavericks, they prove themselves through compassionate skillful means.

When Wisdom Mavericks prove themselves, unpurified minds gradually purify themselves as they perceive the Wisdom Maverick, generate devotion for the fearless heart of heroism, and become completely heroic themselves. As their heroism grows, they naturally need transcendent knowledge that knows the nature of everything and emanational power to express their love. This naturally grows if they truly wish for the impossible liberation of all sentient beings and bring their own wish granting tree inside themselves to fruition in order to do the impossible, and it is this way that whatever is wished for will magically appear in a non-contradictory fulfillment. This is because ultimate reality is the infinite perfection of the illusory and as such relative reality is illusory and implicitly perfect, such that the perfection of wisdom can penetrate all phenomena in a magical way. Since relative reality is illusory, all we do is create illusory appearances in ourselves and others (both of which are apparitional imputations). Since all we do is illusory, the game has the players of Heroes, Gods, and Demons. The most heroic are Buddhas, those who understand the game’s rules, while bodhisattvas are like one third Buddha, one third god, and one third demon. The gods have not recognized any of their awakened qualities because they call them their own godly qualities, and demons of various types either may or may not have recognized some of their demonic qualities, which will make them more or less powerful. 

Until you are able to remain in confidence, do not approach demons - you are already the embodiment of the entire host of demonic forces and need to slay yourself through heroism. 

Accordingly, this is the way Power resides: 

Power resides mostly in the masses and their views of the apparitions of Gods, Demons (who they mostly see as Gods), and Bodhisattvas (who they see as Gods). 
Secondly, Power resides with the Gods that are the objects of envy for Jealous Gods. 
Thirdly, Power resides with Jealous Gods, who are all emanations of the demon Rudra with varied strength. 

So, by killing demons we gain the favor of Gods but affect the Masses in complex ways
By worshiping some demons we lose the favor of the masses and gain the favor of others

By killing Gods we lose the favor of the Masses 
By worshiping Gods we gain the favor of the masses
And the ire of demons as we become objects of their desire

By acting heroically, we become a Heroic God
A heroic god is able to appear as a bodhisattva 
And a bodhisattva is able to fulfill the functionary role of the Outer Teacher - if they have the compassion to accumulate the power needed to rekindle that particular being’s inner connection to the Teacher. 

Names

Names re fivefirstly come from the culture, secondly come from an institutional authority on the state of your mind, and thirdly come from a representative of that credential of reality in your own mind. Once those initial conditions are met, the additional conditions of ceremony and symbolism combined with ongoing reinforcement represented by a new state (i.e. rebirth) must also be met. Then, whence a name is given, it causes a new pathway. Once that pathway is formed, new behaviors are more easily adopted by people. Names are really a form of mantra or mind protection. 

Mantras / Seals

