May all my wrong views, wrong intentions, and wrong deeds be purified and cleansed and may I please, please reveal myself as The Wisdom Maverick that is Innate, and endlessly benefit all. 

TWI TWI 

Fifth Ring - Cultivating Natural Confidence

Then, relax in the confidence of pure phenomena. 

Sixth Ring - The Victory Promise with Innate Wisdom Qualities

Making the Victory Promise

The Wisdom Maverick Is Coming:
Making the Victory Promise of The Wisdom Intent
of
Oliver Powers and Olive R. Love

Instantly I arise as the fresh-faced primordial expression of Oliver Powers, longing to free Olive R. Love from her prison of Oliver’s own making 

Relaxing into the heroic heart

Whenever fear arises
I hold the hand of the Infinite Armed Liberatress 
Emanated out of my view of my own reflection of Olive R. Love inside of her

Wishing to free Olive R. Love
From the prison of her own making
I realize my only power
Is to free my own mind of her prison 
Of my own making

And in order to be whatever she needs
In order to well her own power up inside of her
I cultivate the wisdom of identitylessness 
To remain open to all 
And offer infinite encouragement to those who suffer from not freeing themselves from themselves! 

Knowing it is not enough
In the excruciating experiences of those who suffer 
To just say
The Wisdom Maverick is Coming! 

I say that to myself with my entire heart instead
So when I come to display to them the supreme heroic method of rescuing oneself from oneself 
I am never defeated, the emanation of all-victoriousness itself
So instead of failing and getting them killed by demons 
I fearlessly roar to connect with their hearts:
The Wisdom Maverick is Here!

Cultivate. 

Seventh Ring - Water Dragon Dance

7a. 

Water Dragon Dance of The Universal Black Guardian
Wielder of the Royal Ennead Staff and Commander of its Infinite Arms
Lord Protector of Love, Hero of the Mirror Mask

Instantly everything associated with my name
Begins to dissolve into the 
Confusing Display of Poison 
Not recognizing my own wisdom display 
I feel as though I’m being pulled
somewhere I don’t want to be going
From somewhere I love very much 
And that none of this was real 
And I’m so sad to know that… 
And frightened! 

But keeping my promises 
Seizing this opportunity
For the benefit of all 
I can relax into my own display 
And as I recognize the display as my own wisdom 
I realize I can let go of my identity 
As the confusing display of poison called “I” and its relative demons
dissolve into Identityless Timeless Webbed Infinitude 

I awaken to Wisdom Display
As the Universal Black Guardian
And as I, the Universal Black Guardian
Look into my own wisdom display
I see all phenomena currently emanated as me and mine 
as inseparable from the absolute nature of identitylessness mirror-like space 

This wisdom source
Is like all pervasive self-emergent fire 
Inherent in all phenomena of ignorance 
That continually burns away misconceptions
Obstructing the view of timeless webbed infinitude
Through continuous organic revelation of self-emergent infinite perfection 
All the way through! 

As a result of identifying as the Universal Black Guardian,
I gently wield the Royal Ennead Staff 
And effortlessly command its Infinite Arms
For the benefit of all 
Earning the title
Lord Protector of Love

Rejoicing in the positivity of all beings individually 
I, the Universal Black Guardian, make authentic connections between my best friends, parents, my dearest relatives, all beings, and awakening! 

Sharing their pains and encouraging their growth
I, the Universal Black Guardian, make authentic connections between my best friends, parents, my dearest relatives, all beings, and awakening! 

Giving them whatever brings joy or fearlessness
I, the Universal Black Guardian, make authentic connections between my best friends, parents, my dearest relatives, all beings, and awakening! 

Continually giving the gift of the presence of the Universal Black Guardian by remaining with the view of recognition of the Wisdom Display of Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection
