ENNEAD DREAM PRACTICE
Before going to bed, make three prostrations to the Wisdom Mind Emanation of your choosing. 

Once you are in bed, generate an altruistic motivation by thinking: 
“For the benefit of all sentient beings, whose numbers equal the bounds of space, I shall practice the dream-like nature of radiance until I awaken. To accomplish this, I shall train in lucidity.”

Clearly visualize your body as the chosen Wisdom Emanation and your surroundings as the Diamond Palace. Imagine that your chosen Wisdom Emanation is seated on your pillow, and your head is resting in his or her lap. Most importantly, think to yourself with divine pride, “I and the radiant wisdom of basic goodness have never been separated.” 

In your throat, visualize a one-inch sphere of light encompassing your awakening fearless heroic heart (inside your own latent awakening nexus treasury) glows luminously, accompanied by ringing reverberations of the sound of Ah, sung to you by the Wisdom’s radiant emanation retinue. The visualization is apparent yet non-existent by nature, lucidly clear, like a diamond of light. 

Now, with strong intention make this heartfelt prayer:
Glorious Root Teacher, precious deceitless guide,
Knower of the Diamond Manifold of Reality’s Perfection
Please be seated on the lotus throne created by my heroic heart, in the sky above my third eye.     Accept me through your perfect compassion,
That I may discover the same ascendancy-capacities of your body, speech, and mind.
Please grant blessings to recognize dreams as dreams!
Please grant blessings with the power to transform and emanate in dreams!
Please grant blessings so that dreams lucidly arise as radiance!
Please grant blessings so that bliss and lucidity are continuously integrated! 
Ah, Wisdom Mother Father, trust my intention!
Ah, Wisdom Mother Father, trust my intention!
Receiving blessings:

From the four places of the body of the glorious Teacher, 
Rays of light stream forth and dissolve into my four places. 
Blessed by the Four Radiances
I obtain their four empowerments. 
The chosen Wisdom Mind Emanation who embodies all objects of refuge
With great joy descends through my crown and third eye into my heart channel and rests
In the state of the uncontrived all-ground,
My mind, free from fixation,
Is pure, radiant, open identitylessness devoid of constructs.
Radiant identityless wisdom of self-emergent primordial consciousness’ openness is beyond duality.
Now, imagine that as it descends, the chosen Wisdom Mind Emanation absorbs your aspiring wisdom mind (in the form of the commitment symbol of the Ah and light sphere in your throat) and comes to reside in a perfectly luminous sphere of light within your heart-center. With the confidence that they firmly remain in your heart-center no matter what, fall asleep.


(7) AWAKING FROM IGNORANCE’S SLEEP
Amid a great resounding splendor of music, hand-drums and bells, the Noble Awakened One, the Chosen Wisdom Emanation, and their host of heroes arrive in the sky before me. With forms that display dancing postures and voices intoning melodious symbolic language and secret meaning transmitting chants, they direct their minds, the quintessence of self-emergent primordial consciousness’ radiance, towards me.
Noble Teacher and emanation retinue,
Turn your compassionate gaze toward me.
All sentient beings are asleep 
Ignorant of the Radiant Truth.
Upon so-called “waking up,” they wander aimlessly through confused experiences. 
So that I, your child, the hero realizing natural wisdom’s radiance, 
May guide the precious ones, sentient beings, 
To the Diamond Sky,
I will follow you, the mother and father Teacher.
Without letting my ascendancy field remain incapable of helping anyone,
I will blaze forth as a fearless hero for the benefit of sentient beings!
In this delightful realm of spontaneous perfection,
I will accomplish the benefit of all. 
May you, the Teacher and multitude of emanations, 
Bestow your blessings upon my continuum. 
Next, expel the stale breath three times. 
Now, give rise to the sincere motivation that you will make this present day positive.
Glorious root Teacher, precious deceitless guide,
