As Buddha of The Lotus Family, Amitabha presides over the “Western Paradise” called Sukhavati, where the faithful are reborn in a floating lotus, often with a golden body.  This is their final rebirth before attaining nirvana.  Sukhavati is a Buddha-field of beauty, adorned with flowers, lakes, rivers, jewel trees, birds, deer, temples, and wondrous fragrances.  Sarasvati is a Hindu-Buddhist goddess of music.  Her music carries souls to lotus rebirth in Sukhavati.  Her animal Familiars are the swan and the peacock.    Sukha is a Pali-Sanskrit word meaning ease and bliss, usually translated “happiness” or “joy.”  Sarasvati exhibits the musicality and color of Sukhavati.  She often has a peacock-feather in her crown …



  





  




Amitayus, with a tree of life sprouting from the bowl of immortality:




AMITABHA
Varada-mudra and Elixir of Immortality
     



	Now, there was a time when, from Amitabha’s right eye, a cosmic light-beam shot forth.  From this light-beam stepped a fully evolved, completely enlightened Bodhisattva named Avalokiteshvara.  His Tibetan name is Chenrezig.
   
Avalo-ki-tesh-vara is also called Lokeshvara and Padmapani.  Lokeshvara is the archangelic Bodhisattva of Compassion.  As emanation from Amitabha, he is essence of lotus.  Above: Lokeshvara standing, with a lotus blooming over his left shoulder, and a small icon of Amitabha meditating in his crown.
Padme is Sanskrit for lotus and heart.
In Tibetan: padma.  In Pali: paduma.

Padmapani means Lotus Power and Lotus Holder.
Lokeshvara is Padma-pani: Holder of the Lotus, and incarnation of the Power of Compassion.
The heart-chakra’s color is sparkling blue.  Lokeshvara holds a lapis lazuli (blue emerald) in palm-hands at his heart.  Heart is padme.  Padme is lotus.
Here’s Lokeshvara as Vajrasattva in kundalini mode …

Lokeshvara, surveying the galaxies while standing on Amitabha’s light-beam, settled his gaze on earth.  He saw misery pervasive on our blue floating orb.  He heard countless cries of distress.  The impact broke his heart.  His eyes moistened with tears.
Green Tara.  Also called Jade Tara.

Two tears fell through space, landing in Tibet and becoming a lotus, upon which rode a female incarnation of compassion.  One was Green Tara: young and playful.  The other was White Tara: motherly and serene.  Above: Tripartite necklace: same multiplicity of meanings as applied to the Trident scepter.






Tara’s ambience is water sparkling in moonlight.  She is the patron goddess of voyagers.  As female incarnation of Lokeshvara, she is healing and compassion; never bereft of musicality and cheerful countenance – except when fierce.  She is supremely wise, and a virtuoso of “skillful means” (upaya).  In response to prayers for safety, healing, and guidance, she often arrives in a moonbeam, seated on a lotus.
She is honored as “Mother of all the Buddhas.”  Here’s White Tara fused with Gold, occasionally shown with blue lotus in bud or bloom:
  



      





As Buddhism traveled east, Tara became known in China as Kwan Yin, and in Japan as Kannon.  In Japanese, she is also Kanjizai and Kanzeon



Tara means “One Who Saves.”
She rides a lotus, a dragon, a fish, a turtle, or a tiger.











Alchemical Oven


Kwan Yin as Eleusinian Earth Goddess, Demeter, mother of Persephone
White Tara and Green Tara 


Kannon


						Gold Tara


	
IV	TOUGH LOVE
As befits a master of upaya – “skillful means” – Tara can be fierce when necessary.




Only by being pushed to our limits do we go beyond our limits.  Ferocious compassion can blow your mind.  Red Tara Kurukula eats brains from a skull cup, then drinks the blood.  Dismemberment is chrysalis-crucible of metamorphosis.

     



Red Tara / Kurukula / Vajra-yogini – her names are many, but her title is the same: Protector of The Dharma.  She serves not only to crush the egotism of the chela – the disciple upon whom she dances – but also to protect the chela from malignant forces.  In her right hand she holds