a) Varada is also commonly called the Jnana Mudra.  Jnana Yoga is philosophy, emphasizing knowledge, learning, teaching and discourse.  These meanings apply to the Varada Mudra, as well as Vitarka and Dharmachakra.  b) The Dhyana Mudra is also called the Samadhi Mudra, samadhi being a word for peace and equipoise.  c) Thumb touching middle finger can be called the Akash or Shuni Mudra.  It indicates patience, perseverance, and assuming (karmic) responsibility for events and experiences.  Associated with Saturn, the planet of karmic lessons.  d) Below: Vairochana Buddha showing the Dharmachakra Mudra (or, more commonly, with hands in lap and a Teaching Wheel):

II	SHAMANISM

	Above, Amitabha Buddha exhibits two of the “transcendental” powers (siddhis) which occur on the path to enlightenment:  1) The diamond in the forehead is the third-eye (ajna chakra), endowed with clairvoyance.  2) The elongated ears signify clairaudience.  Aspirants on the path who awaken and master such powers are called siddhas.  A maha-siddha is a “rainbow” adept; a yogi of transcendental prowess, like Gautama, Padmasambhava, Atisha, Milarepa, Tsongkhapa.  Each an archetype of Hermes Trismegistus: shaman, healer, sage.
  

Taoist “Immortal”




Guru Rinpoche – The Lotus Born
  

Guru Rinpoche – Vajra in his right hand; katvanga Trident Scepter other side.
The Trident has multiple meanings:
1) The 3 Jewels: Buddha, Dharma, Sangha.
2) The 3 Phases: Theravada, Mahayana, Vajrayana.
3) The 3 Bodies (Trikaya): Truth body, Bliss body, Form body (respectively: Dharmakaya, Sambhogakaya, Nirmanakaya).
4) The 3 Channels: The three major subtle-body channels employed in tantra yoga.
5) The 3 Poisons: Greed, Hatred, Delusion – the three major causes of suffering.  Technically, the trident in this respect means the Overcoming of the 3 poisons.
6) Hermes Trismegistus: Shaman, Healer, Sage.
7) The 3 Seals or marks of samsara: impermanence, selflessness, and suffering (anitya, anatta, dukkha).
8) The 3 Stages of Perfection Yoga (dzogchen): outer, inner, and secret.  If we focus on the 3 major subtle-body channels and the healing aspect of Trismegistus, we see the trident as a version of the medicinal caduceus.
Buddha taught – and his disciples throughout the centuries have explored, practiced and perfected – the healing arts.  

Siddhartha Gautama
Shakyamuni Buddha, in bhumisparsha mudra.


	The Mahayana Pantheon celebrates a Medicine Buddha.  He goes by two names.  Bhaishajya-raja: Medicine King; and Bhaishajya-guru: Master of The Healing Arts.  “The Blue Buddha” typically holds the stem of a myrobalan plant, packed with vitamin C, as in the picture below.  His other hand, resting in the lap, supports a medicine bowl …
Bhaishajyaraja, The Medicine Buddha



    In some representations of Bhaishajya-raja,
another myrobalan plant is sprouting from the bowl …


Buddha advised many kings in his 45-year teaching career.  He advised universal health care, anticipating Jesus: “Feed the poor; heal the sick.”
	The medicinal arts have been the heart of Buddhist practice for two and half millennia.  As Buddhism spread across Asia – and, as Siddhartha predicted, into the West – this commitment to holistic healing has endured.
 








III	LOTUS POWER

	In Buddhist symbolism, the lotus is the flower of wisdom that blossoms from compassion.   Amitabha is celestial Buddha of The Lotus Family:

  

Amitabha is also called Amitayus.  He is the Buddha of Infinite Light.  He is most often shown sitting in meditation posture, holding in his lap a bowl which contains the Elixir of Immortality.  Amitabha is thus also the Buddha of Infinite Life.
