A bodhisattva embodies bodhichitta: the loving, generous, cheerful and awake mind of compassion.  The measure of enlightenment is service.  The reward for service is increased opportunity to serve.


Buddha’s Reply



We are nirvana in samsara
because samsara is in nirvana.



Asked if he was a god, Buddha said no.
Asked if he was merely human, Buddha said no.
Asked what he was, Buddha replied: “Awake.”     






















VII	THE MAGUS

	From his tongue (or, in some versions of the legend, from his heart chakra), Amitabha emanates a rainbow imbued light-beam that splashes into a lake in Bhutan, giving birth on a lotus to Padmasambhava – The Lotus Born.

Padmasambhava and Lokeshvara are Soul Brothers, each emanating from Amitabha, and each a fully evolved Buddha-Bodhisattva.


Padmasambhava, The Lotus-Born
Guru Rinpoche


        	   Padma Guru – Birth and Invocation 
			From the Lotus-field of Great Felicity,
			Devoid of place or bearings, nowhere found,
			A globe of light, the vajra body, speech and mind
			Of Amitabha free from birth and death,
			Came down upon a lotus cup, uncaused, unwrought,
			Floating on an ocean vast, unbounded.
			Thence am I …
			Wondrous … enlightened … the Lotus-Born.
  
Hung.
		In Orgyen’s land, upon its northwest rim,
		On lotus, pistil-cup, and stem,
		Wondrous, supreme mastery you found
And as the Lotus-Born you are renowned.
A ring of many dakinis encircles you,
And in your footsteps practicing we follow you.
To grant your blessings, come, we pray.
Guru Padma Siddhi Hung.
  

Looking closely at the picture above, we see that Rinpoche, also called Padmakara, is flanked (at the level of his hands) by his two consorts: the Indian princess Mandarava, and the Tibetan princess Yeshe Tsogyal.

	Padmasambhava is the author of the Tibetan classic, The Book of Liberation, mistranslated as The Tibetan Book of the Dead.  Its fuller title is: Liberation in the Between.
Padmasambhava hid The Book of Liberation in the Between in a temple pillar, to be discovered seven centuries later by the reincarnation of one of his 25 major disciples.  A sage who hides such a text is called a terton.  The text itself is called a terma (“treasure text”).
   
The “between” state has a double reference.  It is a guide for souls who journey through the bardo: the after-life realm, between incarnations.  It is also a wisdom-guide for people living, as it were, now: in life’s embodied journey between birth and death.





Ratnasambhava – Buddha of The Jewel Family

Siddhartha and Tsongkhapa

Amitayus












stefanschindler@comcast.net