Holding in my left hand the lotus that blooms holding the non-localized infinite book of teachings of awakening for each individual substrate, representing the compassion of unchanging completely perfect Awakened Wisdom, Creative Power, Emanations, Activity and Qualities. 

Both one hand in the teaching Mudra
The other bestowing fearlessness 
Holding the Queen-Consort Olive R. Love

We are dancing together while remaining in blissful Union, making love
Effortlessly balancing on the dragonstripe chimaera of infinite transforming diamonds  
And the chimaera floats in its infinite arms of its own transformations as the raging billows of eternal thunderclouds

Below are all the universal treasure world books of sentient beings 
and all the sentient beings appear in the Wisdom Display inside of books tainted by Demons of Self, symbolizing that these sentient beings are beholden to the Confusing Display of Poison. 

Each universal treasure world book is surrounded by a whirling weapon wheel of infinite transforming arms, with a diamond-like “Ah” at the center (weapon wheel has 8 spoked wheels of weaponized spikes) engulfed in demon destroying wildfire. In this way, each most subtle particle of each sentient being’s bodies are completely permeated by whirling weapon wheels as well. Outside of the weapon wheels at all levels, in the sentient beings’ hearts, in the external interdependent display of that book, and in the future books interdependent with them, the Demonic Forces are being expelled.
A lotus holds it all aloft 
And the stem is a meteoric dagger of awakening activity
Below the dagger are every god and demon made by humans combined in the form of Demon of Self
Grasping at the lotus, but unable to stain it with their demonic blight of confusing poison any longer  
The Demon of Self is pinned by the dagger to the center of a larger rainbow diamond which holds shut the mouth of the universal Demon of Death, who himself is a marionette held by the Demon of Ignorance, who himself emerges at the bottom-most level from an empty dilapidated house. The house is enclosed in a self-secret, infinite world of TWI that the Demon of Ignorance can never know. 

The Supremely Peaceful Wisdom Maverick of TWI, The Union of Oliver Powers and Olive R. Love, gazes upon the entirety with dynamic love. 

The white, glowing mantra at their rainbow heart reverberates throughout all substrates of the Wisdom Display of Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection with the sound of realization laughter: 

Ah! 

TWI TWI

And it all dissolves 
And instantly arises again 



Formless Avalokitesvara 
From Dharmadhatu imagine all sentient beings in all their various states
Gods on clouds high on consciousness
Jealous gods wishing they could be as high as the gods 
And so on. 
Now imagine the tools you need to help one especially destitute being, who was your best mother, best friend, best enemy, best lover, etc in all your lifetimes
Now build the sambhogakaya that will liberate them
And expand it until it reaches them all
Now the completion stage, destroy this whole fantasy and realize it instead 
Then flashback - realize the abhisambodhikaya - enter vajradhatu
Dedication of merit 

Wrathful Matriarch - Ultimate Blessing Womb of Curved Blades
The wrathful matriarch is the womb of curved blades. These blades face inward and continually flay our ego skin off our identity. We cast it into the fire of wisdom under the naturally vigilant eyes of the Wrathful Matriarch, who loves us all unconditionally but knows the protectors must send out warnings. For this reason, she emanates wolves, lightning, thunder, blood mist and so on. 

Once we reunite with the Wrathful Matriarch, our experience becomes supremely peaceful, and the curved blades turn outwards as infinite manifestations of bodhichitta skillful means that emanate from the resultant sharpened identitylessness developed in practice

Archangels meditation 

Bedtime Prayer and Lullaby  

Sovereign of all