The date is November 8th, 2023. Today is my 32nd birthday. Many people spend their twenties obtaining skills and careers, relationships and families. For most, being 32 is significant because they may have had a child, gotten married, or finally found their calling by then. It is an age where one’s parents may start dying, lives can change significantly overnight, and so on.  

For me, my 20s and early 30s went a little bit differently: 32 marks 5 years from 27, the deadline age that was supposed to mark my complete separation from reality. 


When I was 20 years old I went to a routine psychiatric evaluation in order to qualify for EMDR therapy to treat cPTSD from an intense high school experience. I qualified for the treatment but the evaluation entailed a conversation that was not even on the radar at all before. Here’s what happened.

It was a foggy day and I woke up late. My mom offered to drive me. We hit every red light. We got there and when the evaluation started, I noticed the questions were so general and standard it was almost like an intake survey. At the end she said “alright. Do you mind if I go get your mom before we go over the results?” Strange. “No. I’m 20. Just tell me first.” “Great. I’ll be right back.” She gets my mom. They sit down. She says “Isaac has prodromal schizophrenia and by the time he is 27 he will not know what reality is anymore.” 

What does it feel like to not be in reality? What does that even mean? Is it painful? Is it fun? 

Let me tell you. 

Being “diagnosed” that way, as being that, is something not shareable. It is the most alienating experience that can happen to you. Imagine if everybody you ever talked to about it left your life afterwards. Now add that everyone you tell will have an infinitely successful gaslighting weapon specifically tuned to your genetics and your life. Anyone — anyone — with that information could destroy you. 

You are therefore unable to have the following: 1) vulnerable relationships 2) religious beliefs 3) spiritual experiences. These are, of course, the things people need to feel dignified. 

So now imagine you can never have any of those things because, no matter what, as soon as you say anything unique to your experience, you will be labeled as insane. It will be labeled an episode and you will then eventually have to be carted away to a place where they put pills in your mouth. 

Why? Because! You don’t know what reality is, remember? 

There will be no validation of your experience, because nobody will be interested in hearing it since hearing it will make them question your sanity. They may feign interest but it’s a mask put on while they calculate whether to ever interact with you again. Even if they do, they will be placating, babying, trying to appease the idea of your fragile “reality” – you know, out of “compassion”. When you seek help, you will have to meet with professionals who are actively trying to fit you back into that box on a checklist of like 11 different things not even really related to your experience. Living in that reality, even if you are not schizophrenic, will make you seem schizophrenic to yourself, because it robs you of your ability to know reality in the first place – to claim any certainty for yourself – so then, if you try to share the experience of being misdiagnosed as schizophrenic, you will seem schizophrenic, and then you will be labeled schizophrenic, and then you will actually be taken into the system for schizophrenics, and all of that combined creates a situation where now, you probably actually are schizophrenic. Actually, it no longer matters if you are or aren’t because you have convinced yourself you might be. So that’s one way to give someone schizophrenia. Get a position of power to judge whether or not someone is schizophrenic, and then just tell them they aren’t yet but will be in the future, and that because of what schizophrenia is, it is an inescapable eventuality that this will happen to them and they will not know reality at some point in the future – oh, they also won’t be able to tell it’s happening because it will all seem like reality, which is the marker that it is not.

