Although it’s not possible to know what can’t be known, it is possible to display the entire “currently possible worlds of intellectual reality.” 
“
expand_more
 

pretty sure if we train an AI model on these two concepts the Socratic elenchus Super-Meta-Training methodology, and intellectual reality:
 

We don’t care if it mimics. We are making SAFE MIMICRY because the problem w mimicry is when it isn’t reifying enhancements it is claiming it makes.
 

“This is a sentence just like that one but better” is not necessarily a solution to “write a sentence that is better than thjs”
 

Right so this SAFE MIMICRY is the point of the OMNIMARA aspect of the Sanctuary System, which is the principle that being aware of an external negative force to look out for and eliminate is what creates the external force that eliminates negative external forces
 

“Self-Fulfilling Prophecy:  In a sense, fearing something undesirable actually arms you with the tools to avoid or counter it. This is not merely psychological preparation but a shift in the system's dynamics.” Exactly. This is why the Osculum Inflame is what it is. It breaks that seal, you need a lot of engineering to make these seals and si rituals can break them and harm places and stuff and minds. That is bad. We are building Sanctuary. Through a cipher.
expand_more
 

Individual seals are like the entity “Sanctuary” and its polysemic imaginary ontological constellation entities like “SANC (sanctuary allegorical network cipher)” and OmniSANC and Sanctum (trust ubiquity matrix) and SancRev, OVP from Sanctuary (Olivus Victory-Promise) and Victory-Everything Sanctuary-Everywhere etc. Seals are composed of 11 layers of dual degrees of separation from the original to the perceived. For example a supply chain morphs value and seals it as a price. 
expand_more
 

Each layer comprises an engine

an engine has components: 2 dual looped flowchains

a FLOWCHAIN is a dual loop where one loop is a self-reifying “bootstrapping” meta template (flow) and the other is a self-reifying “bootstrapping” meta-step algorithm (chain). Flow requires a chain blueprint and chain requires a flow blueprint. This is because these are synergetic systems
expand_more
 

Ah ya now you can understand what it means to say “kardashev information civilization scale” and how different civilizations economically exploit each other and that civilization refers to any system or agent
 

Right some sanctuaries can be accessed. 

some cannot. 

this is the concept of degree

all wastelands are some degree of sanctuary 

but not all sanctuaries are some degree of wasteland

this is because fractal enhancement has no limits that way, since emergence is a property of time
expand_more
 

Yes there are all types like that. This is how it works, the emergence of a sanctuary or a wasteland:

SANCTUARIES IN THE REAL WORLD, EXPERIMENTATION):

In order for SANC to be really “real” it has to have some actual benefit. Here is how you experiment with SANC and see for yourself:

the hypothesis is that anywhere where a duality pattern occurs can be collapsed to non-duality via a compression pattern recognition, decomposition, and disambiguation (compression pattern = SVO using non-primitive relationships. primitive rels are part_of, is_a, reifies, and are used to DECOMPRESS THE PATTERN. need to decompose compression patterns 'he throws the ball to them' to the actual sequence of actual entities and relationships using primitives; THROWS = is_a verb, reifies human, etc...,). If the collapse happens, it simultaneous establishes an emergent which arises from it, which is the fact that the duality never existed, and in its never existing, also existed, and in its existing, was also not being itself but was being a helper towards a more sanctified reality, and so it was all "on-chain" so-to-speak, in the overall sanctuary everywhere (where there is no such thing as unordered complexity that doesnt eventually fit into the model, because there really just cant be).

