Dreamstream Crypto Music Player
Product Overview


The Dreamstream Crypto music player is the first streaming service to directly support the independent musician community while earning Dreamcoin Cryptocurrency along the way.  

The Dreamstream connects you with the music community like no other streaming service could. Dreamchain musicians earn Dreamcoin Cryptocurrency.   You support your favorite musicians by subscribing to their playlists, discover and rate the latest music to arrive on the Dreamchain, and “mine” new songs for novelty on the Dreamchain.  That lets you earn Dreamcoin Cryptocurrency.  The more you participate, the more Dreamcoins you and your favorite artists earn!

Key Features

The world’s music for free
Free ad-based YouTube Music is fully integrated into the Dreamstream
Unique subscription pricing:   $4.99 or $0.20 per listening hour, whichever is LESS
Genre-based Independent Artist playlists included with subscription
Applies only to non-ad-based listening hours.   If you prefer ads, you don’t pay
Earn Dreamcoin Cryptocurrency when you subscribe
The more you listen to subscription channels, the more opportunity you have to earn Cryptocurrency
Star Artist Playlists
Subscribe to Star Artist playlists to DOUBLE your prospect for earning Dreamcoins
Examples:   Kendrick Lamar Hip Hop channel; Taylor Swift Pop & Rock
Typically priced at $2.00 per playlist or $0.20/hr, whichever is LESS
Listen to and Rate the latest Dreamchain music	
This DOUBLES your chance to earn Dreamcoins
Every new song you rate earns a small Dreamcoin reward
Build your Dreamcoin purse/wallet
The more Dreamcoins you keep, the more you will be offered to earn



Dreamstream Questions & Answers


Q:  Why is just YouTube Music available on the Dreamstream?   Why not Spotify or Pandora?
A:  YouTube Music provides robust ad-based streaming music for free.   The Dreamstream connects you to the music community in ways unimagined by other alternatives.
Q:  Can I earn Dreamcoins if I don’t get a paid subscription?
A:  No.   Only when you subscribe does the world of engaging with independent musicians open up and both you and your favorite artists gain the opportunity to earn Dreamcoins.  Remember, the paid subscription is unique in that it costs the LESSER of your paid hours or $4.99 / month.
Q:  Are the Star Artist Playlist subscriptions in addition to $4.99/month?
A:  Yes.  These are the specially curated playlists from your favorite artist or group of artists.   Most playlists will be genre-specific.  Subscribing to these playlists gets you a special connection to the artists and DOUBLES your chances to earn Dreamcoins.   Remember, the paid subscription is only $2.00 / month or $0.20 / listening hour, whichever is LESS.
Q:  What can I do with Dreamcoins?
A:  Keep them as a potential growth asset as the Dreamchain grows in content value and usage (note:   there are no guarantees of value appreciation).   Use them to purchase content on the Dreamchain.   Donate them to your favorite independent artist.   The choice is yours.
Q:  How do I mine for Dreamcoins and how do I increase the probability of success?
A:  When you download the Dreamstream Crypto player and subscribe you will gain the opportunity to devote resources of your home PC/mobile device to “mine” new songs placed on the Dreamchain for their novelty and rating.   Note:  mining activity happens mostly at night and only when your PC/mobile device is plugged into an electrical socket.
Here’s how to increase your Participation Score to increase your odds of mining Dreamcoins:
Subscribe to Star Artist Playlists for $2.00 per Month to DOUBLE your odds
Agree to listen and rate new songs to further DOUBLE your odds
Listening days that include rating of playlist songs increase your odds
Store Dreamcoins in the Dreamchain wallet.   The more you store the higher your odds