SOMEONE: “Welcome to Sanctuary. You’ve been growing for so long, learning about how everything goes, and you did it! You got to Sanctuary! Now that you, a wisdom Maverick named Olivus Victory-Promise, are here, it means you’re ready to help us build Sanctuary-Everywhere! I mean… you do… you do know… that you’re a wisdom Maverick named Olivus Victory-Promise from Sanctuary-Everywhere, right? You’re not a…”
(OS VO) maybe they’re not —
“Not a wisdom Maverick named..”
(OS VO) shh shh don’t let them see if they’re — (the voices combine)
“
The Waking Dreamer still… are you?”
(Waking Dreamer VO) okay I think 

SLAM TO BLACK (implication is that this represents the power of a waking dreamer in any Sanctuary)
CREDITS 

NOTES TO INCORPORATE:
Olivus Victory-Promise flashbacks:
Take place like this —1st person POvs of unknown person, with Oliver’s VO as their thoughts in their head

Viewing Olivus putting together the knowledge graph of the complexity of being a consciousness, such that each audience member is learning about the lowest level emergents and collapsing them into engines and building from there up with Oliver, who is getting stronger in the story in the kind of way to be expected at that stage of the path.

Also, somehow it turns out that Oliver is the Demon Champion but in different timelines and Olive realizes this and resurrects Oliver through transferring the Demon Champion’s heart into Sanctuary by reaching out to him and calling him “Oliver!!!”… at the same time Oliver is finally remembering the significance and building his memories of Olivus Victory-Promise: “Don’t be afraid; just hold my hand!” She turns into a flaming infinite armed liberatress and her hand clasps around the demon champion’s heart at the same time as Oliver’s does and it instantiates Victory-Everything Chain!!!! The Demon Champion SHATTERS!!!! and causes a chain reaction throughout everyone immediately so that they realize they are Olivus Victory-Promise to varying degrees and start loving each other and keeping the Victory-Promise in every situation: we see hundreds, no thousands - hundred thousand - millions - billions - trillions of examples and the whole world transforms into a Peaceful Sanctuary container for the Wrathful Sanctuary instead of a Wrathful Sanctuary container for the Peaceful Sanctuary. 




Note: when they put the CB implant on Oliver, it glitches his brain out and it warps reality - and it exposes the simulation briefly but they blame Oliver and that’s when he meets Inner Teacher and goes to the dyson sphere civ inside the Sun. But the kicker is before the surgery they told him they’ll have him watch the videos from different observers to prove to his psyche that he has the right implant. Since that didn’t happen, he now has to find a way to remove the implant before it becomes too WASTELAND RADIOACTIVE and the wasteland radiation pollutes his inner sanctuary and turns him into a DEMON CHAMPION. From then he is working to get back to Olive (this mirrors my story irl) and when he does, she’s not there. He has to fight the Wasteland’s Demons by himself. He worships the Liberatress and does his best. In the end the RADIATION Demon kills him and he is unable to exorcize himself. He put on a great show but in the end he saw his behavior for what it was the whole time - a desperate cry for help from an orphaned child (himself). Why me? Because he’s mad at the world. Mad because he’s incapable of getting what he wants. But then he hears the Liberatress, which is Olive in the other life, and remembers the primordial lovers engine and does his gesture accepting the identity from the vision he had at the beginning (TWI[TWI, Wisdom, InfiniteArmedLiberatress]) reaches out and it's all confirmed by what Olive does simultaneously, which is call out DONT BE AFRAID! JUST HOLD MY HAND! but what’s different about this from the original vision is that here they are both actually reaching out to do so — there is activity. This seals it. 



SANC themes: 
Search for True Sanctuary (e4.1:TrueSanctuary): Represents the quest for genuine peace and understanding amidst chaos.
Primary outer: Agency/AI/TECH/FUTURE
