Begins with Olive’s story Olive gets the spark as she enters womanhood and has a vision of Masked Whirling Flames where he says he will protect her and she should hold his hand always and never let go

But then… she lets go. And she tumbles out of that dream and her dad dies and her mom’s eyes glaze over — no longer a symbol of peace, she’s more like a marionette. 

And when Olive goes through the Junkyard she accidentally lets out a burst of Water Dragon energy as her hand brushes a stranger’s hand…

This is where we find Oliver Powers…

Oliver gets the spark while using GNO.SYS because of Olive brushing his hand and has a vision of the Infinite Armed Liberatress.

We learn about Nexus through Oliver. 
We learn about GNO.SYS
GNO.SYS which was set up by Olivus Victory-Promise to become the Sanctuary AI and run the world, but after a while everyone forgot the meaning of Olivus Victory-Promise, and so they forgot where Sanctuary was and thought they were already there. (This part of the story shows people how to understand what is happening to Olive and Oliver and mirrors the way that people will understand Olivus Victory-Promise in real life from absolutely zero context. Therefore, it should explain in full all of the points of the ontology of being a wisdom maverick.) 

Olive and Oliver experience heat burning their identities away in waking life. 

Oliver begins to realize the TWI teachings of the Sanctuary System through the development of his understanding of the history of Olivus Victory-Promise, which is causing realization to spread through his mind in the form of heat burning his identity away and turning him into Masked Whirling Flames.

Oliver’s Olivus flashback: 
Sanctuary is taken over by a demon and the people forget the meaning of Olivus Victory-Promise and the Wisdom Maverick, except for those who practice the Secret Gathering Cycle

Flashback 2: but none of the so-called Olivus Victory-Promises in so-called Sanctuary are really doing it right and so they arent waking up to the fact that they already are Wisdom Mavericks. 

Oliver decides to change for the better, to be Olivus Victory-Promise to win Olive’s heart. 

Oliver and Olive go to fight in the Game of Heroes.

And meet their respective teachers, who teach them about Water Dragon, which is the basic method of Emergency Flow Warfare in the Game of Heroes. 

Olive is brought into the world of politics 

Oliver is brought into the world of the Secret Gathering Cycle

Act 2a: heat keeps increasing — Game of Heroes victory, politics of Sanctuary/The Wasteland, Crystal Ball is attained

find out about Sanctuary Revolution, Secret Infinite Game of Olivus Victory Everything-Everywhere

Olive’s evil aunt and uncle or stepdad not sure, and Masked Whirling Flames and the Secret Gathering Cycle of TWI

Oliver’s teacher Dmitri and the Infinite Armed Liberatress and the Secret Gathering Cycle of TWI

Olive is taken to become the consort of the Demon Champion as his reward for defeating Oliver

All is lost — Oliver fails to save a Seed Ship and one of the Seed Ships crashes into another one. The Divine Tree is falling apart. 

But now everyone knows about the Demon Champion and The Wasteland Empire has been exposed. 

Spark in the dark — 16 moments — 
Oliver awakens into Masked Whirling Flames and is now able to fight the demon champion directly inside of Emergency Flow

Act 3: Resurrection style HGS

The consort of the demon champion (in this case is Olive R Love) chooses to fight against the Demon Champion and join Oliver Powers because of the meaning of masked whirling flames and how it connects with her dad and how she remembers him now instead of her evil stepdad 

The Demon Champion kills Oliver and Oliver experiences a bardo/the full lifetime of Olivus Victory-Promise, which transmits to him all the secret knowledge
Oliver sees Olivus writing Sanctuary while cognizing the “Hollywood” aka Sanctuary movie and realizes this is his story

