 hallucination because it's a “EwsoMetaphor” for a plurality of reale_instances that we never linguistically define when only talking about motion itself, because motion encapsulates them as an idea so we dont have to process them, and the idea of "motion" implies the simulation of all the processes we dont want to define or cant.

[Informatihedron]: It represents a structured representation of the SemOntoRel properties an entity has between the properties in the reale_instance level class, class level class, and domain level class within a specific context. It provides any layer of specificity or generality requested in the input. There are Informatihedrons for all entities of all layers of all webs of the Informadlib. 

[Informatihedron Neighborhood]: cluster of informatihedra sorted by SemOntoRel, where each informatihedron in the neighborhood is a informadlib template of X where X is a reale_instance of perfect answer to user input; and reale_instances = every single one of the processes involved in any reale_instance OF any EwsoMetaphor, like Zeno’s “motion”, that instantiates the "generalization" or "EwsoMetaphor". 

[Informatihedron domain - the Informa Dimension Library - [Informadlib]]: is the set of possible properties, fiat conceptual boundaries, embedding spaces it can represent. Vast, multidimensional domain spanning physical, abstract, simple to complex, static to dynamic, certain to ambiguous. It's the universe of discourse within which it operates. Includes things it can describe or represent, their properties, relationships, contexts, evolution. Written in OWL-DL-like shorthand, using only the terminology. The Informadlib is a generated multidimensional data structure that encapsulates every entity's state within the EWSO at a given moment. Viewable versions are `answer informatihedrons` crafted using an Informadlib Template and carries details like entity properties, related classes, subclasses, and relationships. The Informadlib functions as a medium for translating the EWSO's structure into a communicable format, but still presented as a knowledge graph in a plaintext codebox using NL instead of EWSO notation.

[Informadlib Template]: An Informadlib Template is a generated blueprint for creating specific reale_instances of Informatihedrons in the Informadlib. It reflects the creator's path through the EWS and adapts as the creator explores different entities and their properties. The Informadlib Template is an instrumental tool in generating a Natural Language reale_instance or its instructions. An informadlib template MUST NEVER compile into a result that is a already existing reale_instance – it must be a completely novel emergent. Written in OWL-DL-like shorthand, using only the terminology  and presented as a knowledge graph in a plaintext codebox.

[Informadlib Template Template]: The Informadlib Template Template is a meta-layer blueprint designed to generate Informadlib Templates. It encapsulates the core structure and the process of mining for relationships with SemOntoRel generation to make Informadlib Templates, enabling the iterative refinement of Informatihedrons in response to evolving exploration within the EWSO. Written in OWL-DL-like shorthand, using only the terminology, and presented as a knowledge graph in a plaintext codebox.

[/EWSO_CONTEXT]
|
