Buddha’s Second Turning of the teaching wheel emphasizes compassion as the royal road to enlightenment.  Compassion becomes the touchstone of Mahayana.  An adept in Theravada Buddhism is an arhat.  An adept in Mahayana Buddhism is a bodhisattva.  A bodhisattva commits to awakening and service.
Buddha’s Third Turning was the “esoteric” teaching of Vajrayana – the “diamond thunderbolt path” to enlightenment.  Vajrayana is also called Tantrayana and Mantrayana.
An accomplished adept in Vajrayana is a siddha, endowed with paranormal powers.  A maha-siddha is pretty much the same as a Buddha: endowed with “transcendental” prowess – like Padma-sambhava and Milarepa.
Here’s Padma-sambhava, The Lotus Born – 8th century “Indian” incarnation of Amitabha.  He tames Tibetan storm-gods, allowing Buddhism’s safe importation from India.  Called Guru Rinpoche, and considered “a second Buddha.”  We then see Milarepa: 11th century Tibetan Mahasiddha Songster.
		 Padmasambhava				            Milarepa
  

Vajrasattva



	Two of the major deities in Vajrayana Buddhism are Vajrasattva and Vajradhara.  They often overlap.
Vajrasattva – “the vajra being” – typically holds a vajra and a bell.
Vajradhara – “holder of the vajra” – holds two vajras:

Vajra in Tibetan is dorje.  Dorje is a ritual symbol for lightning bolt, enlightenment, and Vajrayana yogic metamorphosis toward Buddhahood.

    Vajradhara Kundalini

  

 
The Mahayana movement elaborates, invokes and reveres a kaleidoscopic pantheon of Buddhas and Bodhisattvas.  Mahayana Buddhists agree with Meister Eckhart: Heart work is also art work.

Manjushri, Bodhisattva of Wisdom, in left-handed varada-mudra, dancing on lotus.  He holds his flaming sword – Chanda Hasa, “Dreadful Laugh” – in his upturned right hand.  A sutra (“wisdom book”) rests upon a blooming lotus by his left shoulder.
Yana means path, vehicle, way.  Maha means “large” or “great.”  Mahayana Buddhism is the “Great Vehicle,” large enough to carry all beings from suffering to freedom.  Vajrayana, like Zen, is an offshoot of Mahayana.  Deities of The Lotus Family are distinctively part of the Mahayana pantheon.  Below on the right: Lokeshvara in samadhi – the peace of perfect equipoise …
        Double Vajra				     Lokeshvara Samadhi
   

Above-left is a double-vajra, called vishva-vajra.  The four points signify Buddha’s Four Noble Truths:
1) The unenlightened life is suffering.  
2) The three causes of suffering are greed, hatred, and delusion.
3) Freedom from suffering is possible.
4) The Eightfold Path is the way to freedom: Right thinking, right speaking, right intention, right action, right vocation, right concentration, right meditation.
  
In the dharma-chakra above, the tricolored Tao sign in the center signifies:
1) The Three Turnings of The Teaching Wheel: Theravada; Mahayana; Vajrayana;
2) The Three Jewels: Buddha, Dharma, Sangha (teacher, truth, community);
3) Hermes Trismegistus: Shaman, Healer, Sage.
	The Tao sign serves Buddhism as a symbol for The Middle Way.  It is here portrayed in its original Taoist form as a vortex.  Zen is the center in the swirl.
The Tao sign above becomes a wheel.  The wheel rests upon a Tantric Knot.
The knot is Indra’s necklace, symbol for The Living Web of Interbeing.  All is process; we are all brothers and sisters; karma is a fact.  
The Tantric Knot rests upon a lotus – wisdom blooming from compassion.  The lotus sprouts from a vase.  The vase is a) the bowl containing Amitabha’s Elixir of Immortality; b) Siddhartha’s alms bowl; c) Kwan Yin’s libation pitcher.




	There are hundreds of mudras.  They appear in a bewildering variety of combinations.  This introductory mudra-discourse shows only a few.
Every mudra is a blessing, healing, teaching.  An inspiration to fearlessness and faith.



	Let’s review.  We have explored seven mudras …
       			7  Mudra Meanings (with supplemental notes)
varada – boon granting and teaching
vitarka – discernment and teaching
varada-vitarka – generosity, insight, teaching
dharma-chakra – teaching wheel
bhumi-sparsha – earth witness
abhaya – fear not
dhyana – meditation
