In the images on the second page of our discourse, standing-Lokeshvara, on the left, holds the stem of a lotus.  The stem stretches upward and blooms above his shoulder.  In the middle picture, Gautama Buddha has lotus flowers before him, in various stages of growth, the center lotus still a bud.  The sitting icon of Tara, on the right, shows two flowers in full bloom, one lotus at her right shoulder, the other at her left.  Often, when two lotuses are shown, one is in bloom, while the other is a swelling bud.
A lotus bud signifies our potential for awakening.
A lotus blossom signifies enlightenment.


	When Lokeshvara is imaged with four arms – or a thousand – he holds a bodhi-seed rosary (here: in his back-right-hand).  This is the rosary for chanting Om Mani Padme Hum.

	Mani is mind and jewel.  Padme is lotus and heart.  Mani Padme: the jewel of wisdom blooming from the lotus-heart of compassion.  He holds a blue jewel to his heart chakra.
Om is one.  Hum is all.  Om Mani Padme Hum: “May the wisdom-jewel bloom from the lotus of the heart, so that each understands we are all each other.”
Vitarka mudra.  With one hand held up, the other down by the knee, both palms out-facing, both hands in varada – the vitarka mudra combines compassion, generosity and teaching with “discernment.”  TARA in VITARKA mode …

	One lotus is in full bloom.  The other is about to bloom.  Framed in the center of the base is a dharma-chakra – a teaching wheel.  Chakra means circle or spinning energy-center.  Dharma has multiple meanings, including truth, reality, and teaching.  Buddha-dharma is the truth that Buddha taught.  Tara here conveys that same truth.  Generosity (dana) is the first of the six paramitas: the “perfect virtues” of a bodhisattva.
Vitarka is called The Discerning Gesture.
Vitarka mudra means:
I discern the nature of reality; I discern the exact nature of your distress; I discern the exact upaya (“skillful means”) for relieving your distress.  I am an upaya maestro, blessing you with healings and teachings from the lotus of compassion.

  

	Above, Lokeshvara in vitarka mudra.   His left-hand thumb touches the third finger.  Thumb-touching-third-finger is an iconic gesture emphasizing teaching.  Teaching Mudra presupposes discernment of the skills needed and the knowledge taught.
Vitarka shows four meanings: 1) compassion; 2) generosity; 3) discernment; 4) teaching.  Here are more examples of this iconic combination …






	In the picture above, note the kundalini cobra.  Its tail begins at Tara’s left ankle.  The subtle serpent body stretches around her left knee, then disappears behind her back.  The serpent reappears at her right hand.  The cobra’s head ascends through the varada crevice, its neck snuggled against the stem of the lotus.



	The cobra, wrapped around Tara, signifies metamorphosis of erotic libido into spiritual ecstasy.  Optimal fire-serpent whirling in chakra symphony.
In Hindu terms, Tara is Shakti; Shiva is the serpent.  The Shiva-Shakti cosmic erotic dance is both multi-galactic and individually available, since, as Hermes Trismegistus writes on The Emerald Stone: “As above, so below.  Microcosm mirrors macrocosm.”
Abhaya Mudra – Protective / Fear-Not Gesture
  

Kwan Yin’s upturned right hand is in the abhaya – fear not – mudra.  Kwan Yin’s left hand supports a dharma-chakra – “teaching wheel” – at the level of the heart.  The eight spokes of the dharma-chakra signify Buddha’s Fourth Noble Truth: The Eightfold Path to freedom and enlightenment.
In Kwan Yin’s crown is a small icon of Amitabha Buddha.  Amitabha emanates Lokeshvara, who in turn emanates Kwan Yin.  Kwan Yin’s countenance mirrors the Madonna theme so familiar in the West.  One of Tara’s names is Mother of All Buddhas.
The abhaya mudra radiates a force-field protecting the Dharma.  Kwan Yin encourages the devotee to be fearless.  If you find yourself in harm’s way, chant the mantra: “Only love, and only peace; only love, and only peace.”  It is potent and successful.




Bhumi-sparsha: Earth Witness Mudra


The Earth Witness Mudra recalls a moment during the night of Siddhartha’s enlightenment, sitting beneath the Bodhi Tree.


