Akshobhya – Ratnasambhava – Vairochana – Amitabha - Amoghasiddhi
Use the color scheme above to interpret the Dhyani Buddha Mandala below:

Dakini allies of Dhyani Buddhas

  

Amitabha / Amitayus: Buddha of Infinite Light and Infinite Life, with Elixir of Immortality bowl.  Amitabha is Buddha of The Lotus Family.  He emanates Lokeshvara, Bodhisattva of Compassion, and Padmasambhava, The Lotus Born.

I	MUDRA MEANINGS

Lotus means: “Wisdom blooming from compassion.”
Amitabha is the Buddha of The Lotus Family.  He emanates Lokeshvara, the archangelic Bodhisattva of Compassion.  Lokeshvara emanates a rainbow of female deities called Tara in Tibet, Kwan Yin in China, and Kannon in Japan.
Amitabha, Lokeshvara, Tara – this is the primordial trinity of The Lotus Family.  A Buddha-family is called a Buddhakula.  There are five Buddhakulas.  For example, just as Amitabha – Buddha of Infinite Light and Life – is Buddha of The Lotus Family, Ratna-sambhava, the Jewel-Born, is Buddha of The Jewel Family.
Lokeshvara holds a blue jewel to his heart chakra, between two palms in the prayer gesture.  Lokeshvara’s mantra is Om Mani Padme Hum – May the jewel of wisdom blossom from the lotus of the heart.  Wisdom and compassion: two names for the same.
  
    


Now, most of the art works in this discourse exhibit hand gestures, called mudras.  It will be helpful to begin by exploring seven of these common gestures.
         VARADA MUDRA     
    

	  Lokeshvara		       Siddhartha Gautama		     	 Tara


	Mudra is a Sanskrit word meaning formation of the hands, and location of the hands with regard to body and posture.
The varada-mudra – shortened to varada – is the “boon granting” or “wish fulfilling” gesture, shown above.  Thumb and forefinger form a circle.  The other three fingers are extended.  The palm faces outward.
Varada signifies boon granting, compassion, generosity, and teaching.  Both Tara’s hands form varada.
In all three iconic postures above, we see the presence of the lotus.


Below: Lokeshvara Bodhisattva, with Amida (Amitabha Buddha) atop his crown.  Lokeshvara’s far right-hand varada mudra holds a bodhi seed, while his far left holds the stem of a budding lotus.  Bodhi is Sanskrit for “wisdom.”  Bodhi seed and lotus bud show potential for awakening.  Lotus blossom is enlightenment.






 


Above is Maitreya, The Future Buddha.  Maitreya is Lord of the Dharma Palace in Tushita Heaven.
Siddhartha Gautama – also called Shakyamuni Buddha – spent a long time as Lord of the Dharma Palace in Tushita Heaven.  Just prior to Gautama Buddha’s compassionate descent to Kapilavastu in northeast India – incarnating as Siddhartha (“goal achiever”) in the Gautama family of the Shakya clan – he passed the mantle, Lord of the Dharma Palace, to Maitreya.
Siddhartha instructed Maitreya to incarnate on earth about 2600 years after Siddhartha’s “death,” to revivify the Dharma to a lost humanity crying in the wilderness of their own greed, hatred and delusion.  Siddhartha Gautama was born about 2500 years ago.
Varada-mudra is iconic among the lotus family, emanating from Amitabha.
           Amitabha Buddha 	          emanates  	          Lokeshvara
     
Amitabha, Buddha of Infinite Light, emanates Lokeshvara, Bodhisattva of Compassion.  “Lokeshvara” is short for Avalokiteshvara.  Lokeshvara is also called Padmapani – Lord of Lotus Power.  His Tibetan name is Chenrezig.  Lokeshvara’s own female emanations are called Tara in Tibet, Kwan Yin in China, and Kannon in Japan.
    
LOTUS
Wisdom (prajna) blooming from compassion (karuna).



“Wisdom” translates prajna and bodhi.  “Compassion” is the translation for karuna.  Wisdom and compassion – prajna and karuna – are the two wings of Buddhism.  Wisdom and compassion go together.
