 a flailing knife called vajra chopper.

If she is frightening to the chela, she is even more frightening to those who obstruct the Dharma Path to freedom.  Kurukula is sister-equivalent to Vajra-yogini.  She is often shown, as above, with a vajra-tipped katvanga scepter; and, of course, she wears a necklace of skulls.  Death is our wisest advisor.  It cuts through all the crap.  Below: Vajra-yogini, and dakinis …















     
  
  



The male counterpart to Vajra-yogini and Kurukula is Mahakala, the fierce version of Vajrapani.  Note the tiger skin.  In India, tiger is Lord of the Jungle.


	Below: Mahakala is draped in a white elephant skin.  This is “the elephant of ego,” or, more precisely, of egotism – what Norman Mailer calls “the elephantiastical hubris” of delusions of grandeur.  Note the body beneath the feet.


Mahakala Kurukula Kundalini

PARAMA–SUKA CHAKRA-SAMVARA – Supreme Bliss of Charka Synthesis
V	KUNDALINI

	Kundalini communion in Buddhist iconography signifies the electrifying synthesis of yin-yang energies in the aspirant on the path of knowledge.  C. G. Jung calls this the reconciling union of “anima and animus” in the alchemy of “individuation.”

   

In Indian and Tibetan tantra, kundalini energy rises from the fire-serpent coiled in the muladhara chakra at the base of the spine.
The dragon energy uncoils, ascending through genital, emotional, heart, throat and third-eye chakras, climaxing in the fire-blossoming of the crown chakra at the top of the head.
In rarified ritual, sexual intercourse may occur, as a way of catalyzing kundalini communion; but physical orgasm is failure and profanation.
The transformation of erotic libido into rainbow-body is key to the meaning of caduceus (shown above).
Below: Alchemy of lotus power …



Shiva-Shakti


Parama-sukha Chakra-samvara

Parama-sukha is “great bliss.”
Chakra-samvara is “optimal functioning” of the chakras.








VI	COMPASSION

Let’s revisit Manjushri.  He’s a fiery force in the lotus family.  

Manjushri is Bodhisattva of Wisdom.  He’s Soul-Brother to Lokeshvara, Bodhisattva of Compassion.  Manjushri often rides a snowlion.  He carries a Flaming Sword called Chanda Hasa, “Dreadful Laugh.”  The sword angles upward in his right hand.  Chanda Hasa cuts through illusion and illumines.  Manjushri’s left hand forms varada mudra, holding the stem of a lotus.  Upon the lotus in full bloom is Mahayana Buddhism’s most sacred scripture, the Maha-prajna-paramita: Bliss-Wisdom of Virtue-Perfection.
 Manjushri














   



	In Buddhist legend, Siddhartha Gautama felt compassion for the Chinese, because he had decided to incarnate in India rather than China.  So he made a special gesture, portrayed in a poem I wrote (below).  Gautama knew full well that Buddhism would travel across Asia.

BUTTERFLY OF ENLIGHTENMENT
    

       From Buddha’s third eye streaked		
       a beam of light toward China penetrating
       one of the five mountains rising
       from the valley of Wu Tai Shan.

       On cliff-face sprang
       Manjushri;
       wisdom bodhisattva’s
       sword Chanda Hasa –
       Dreadful Laugh –
       cracking
       the chrysalis.

In blue lagoon, a Naga-Mermaid Serpent-Queen passes a “treasure text” to Nagarjuna.  Manjushri blesses the moment, having long ago set it in motion.  His left hand vitarka-mudra holds the stem of a lotus that bends and buds toward the moon.  Manjushri is, in a way: A Lotus-Riding Sword-&-Sutra Lokeshvara-Tara.  Archetype of The Perfect Knight.
Manjushri’s flashing Chanda Hasa – lightning-bolt source of vajra – is the Sword of Wisdom.  Wisdom blooms from compassion because prajna and karuna are two names for the same.  To be wise is to be loving; to be loving is to be wise.

The Tao of Wisdom and Compassion.


Now, it sometimes happens that Gautama Buddha appears between Manjushri and Lokeshvara, where wisdom and compassion meet.  But why, you might ask, does Lokeshvara have eleven heads?  The ten additional heads represent stages of a Bodhisattva on the way to Buddhahood.  Ten steps on the ladder to enlightenment; sinking deeper into silence … portal to the cellular symphony.
