Mara, The Tempter, sought to break Siddhartha’s equipoise with three temptations – fear, lust, and pride.  Mara sent monsters; then his daughters.  Siddhartha showed that he was immune to fear and lust.  Then Mara asked: “Who are you to deserve enlightenment?  Aren’t you really just an egomaniac, sitting here full of pride, elevating yourself above others?”
     
  
Siddhartha, remaining silent, gestured down.  Mother Earth responded to Mara’s question:
“This is my beloved son, who for countless incarnations has been a true bodhisattva.  Even as animal, he sacrificed his life so others may live.  His equanimity and merit earn him freedom, bliss, and enlightenment.”
Mara was defeated.  He left, taking his monsters, maidens and insults with him.  Below is a thangkha (scroll painting) showing Siddhartha Gautama in meditation, impervious to Mara’s temptations:

	Padma-sana is the “lotus posture,” also called “diamond posture.”  The posture, and hands in the lap, signify Meditative Inwardness.
Dhyana-mudra – Sinking into meditative emptiness (shunyata).

	Dhyana is a Sanskrit word meaning “meditation.”  The Pali term is jhana.  Dhyana is the eighth step in The Eightfold Path, though rightly understood in Zen – as befits Buddha beneath the Bodhi Tree – as the real “first step.”  “Right thinking” – the normal first step – suggests meditation as the royal road (raja yoga) to awakening.  Dhyana-mudra is also called dhyani-mudra.  Meditative descent into and through samadhi.  Samadhi is the equipoise of perfect peace.
     Atisha in Dharma-chakra Mudra
“Dharma Wheel”



Around 1040 CE, Atisha, the great Indian sage and Vajrayana master, took Tara’s advice.  He journeyed to Tibet, to organize Buddhist teachings into a coherent curriculum.  Texts and teachers had been pouring into Tibet from surrounding countries for four centuries.  Not all were authentic.  Although Tibet now had monastic universities with growing libraries, the sutras and commentaries were in disarray, and often seemed to contradict each other.  Atisha declared: “There is no contradiction in Buddha’s dharma.”  Atisha made it clear that Gautama spoke skillfully.  Gautama’s word-arrows aimed at the heart, for therapeutic shock.  Atisha proclaimed that beneath all the seeming differences, Buddha’s teachings were coherent, cogent, luminous, and free of taint.  Then Atisha explained that Buddhism in India had progressed over a period of 1500 years, moving from Theravada through Mahayana to Vajrayana.
Atisha organized a library system and curriculum for Tibet’s temples and monastic universities.  He traveled widely across the vast Tibetan plateau; learning, teaching and writing.  His impact on Tibetan Buddhism – and, therefore, Tibetan culture – was enormous.  Tibetan’s consider him one of Tibet’s “three most kind.”  The other two are Padma-sambhava (The Lotus Born) and Tsongkhapa:


	The Dharma-chakra mudra is iconically associated Vairochana Buddha, and with Maitreya, the Future Buddha.  Maitreya presides over, and continues teaching in, The Dharma Palace of Tushita Heaven, until the time is ripe for his descent to earth and re-vivifying Buddha’s lost dharma-lessons …





Maitreya Buddha


Maitri is the Sanskrit word for “loving kindness.”  It is familiar to Buddhist practioners in the West in its Pali form: metta.
Maitri is the root of Maitreya’s name.  Thus Maitreya is The Buddha of Unconditional Love.
Note the “teaching wheel” atop the lotus on the left.
	Siddhartha Gautama anticipated the major phases of Buddhism’s evolution.  During his 45-year teaching career, he is said to have turned The Teaching Wheel – the Dharma-chakra – three times.
Dharmachakra
   

The First Turning corresponds to Buddha’s pronouncing The Four Noble Truths, then establishing that revolutionary innovation called monasticism, where individuals could “drop out” of a class and caste based society, and devote themselves instead, in a context of group support, to the enlightenment project.  The First Turning inaugurates Theravada – “Original Buddhism,” or “School of the Elders.”
