 FLOATING LOTUS 
Buddhist Deities of The Lotus Family




Stefan Schindler
            


OM MANI PADME HUM

May the jewel of wisdom blossom
from the lotus of the heart,
so that each understands
we are all each other.


Copyright 2015 / Don Stefan




CONTENTS



I		Mudra Meanings			11
II		Shamanism					51
III		Lotus Power				60
IV		Tough Love					91
V		Kundalini					104
VI		Compassion					111
VII		The Magus					127





A reporter asked Arnold Toynbee, perhaps the greatest 20th century British historian:
“Mr. Toynbee, what will future historians say was the single most important event of the 20th century?”
Toynbee: “The introduction of Buddhism to the West.”
……………………………………………………………………………………….

		A reporter once asked Mahatma Gandhi:
		“Mr. Gandhi, what do you think of Western civilization?”
		Gandhi: “I think it would be a good idea.”
……………………………………………………………………………………….


CAST OF CHARACTERS – Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, Adepts, and Dakinis **

Amitabha – Buddha of Infinite Light, Infinite Life, and The Lotus Family
Atisha – 11th century Indian adept; organized Tibet’s Dharma canon
Bhaishajyaraja – the blue Medicine Buddha
Kurukula – Red Tara fierce dakini; protector of the Dharma
Lokeshvara (Chenrezig) – Avalokiteshvara, Bodhisattva of Compassion
Mahakala – fierce protector of the Dharma; male counterpart to Kurukula
Maitreya – The Future Buddha
Mandarava – Indian consort of Padmasambhava
Manjushri – Bodhisattva of Wisdom
Mara – The Tempter
Milarepa – 11th century Tibetan mahasiddha and songster
Padmasambhava – The Lotus Born (Guru Rinpoche; Padmakara)
Sarasvati – Hindu-Buddhist Goddess of Music
Siddhartha Gautama – the historical Buddha (Shakyamuni); 6th century BCE
Tara (Kwan Yin and Kannon) – divine female emanation from Lokeshvara
Tsongkhapa – Tibetan adept; founder of Gelugpa school of Tibetan Buddhism
Vajradhara – Holder and Keeper of the Vajra; a divine Bodhisattva
Vajrapani – Bodhisattva of Vajra Power (often fierce in aspect)
Vajrasattva – The Vajra Being; Bodhisattva of Enlightened Equipoise
Vajrayogini – Kurukula variation; also called Vajravarahi; usually fierce
Yeshe Tsogyal – Tibetan consort of Padmasambhava

**  Dakinis are rainbowed “sky-dancing” female deities; males are dakas.  Colorful, often musical, allies of Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and Adepts.  Can be fierce when necessary, but are mostly delightful.  May be thought of as angels, sprites or fairies.  Often assist in rituals.
Prefatory Notes:
	1 – To aid the reader unfamiliar with Buddhist names, I have occasionally inserted hyphens to assist in pronunciation.
	2 – Shiva and Shakti are Hindu deities which are briefly mentioned in the text.  Shiva is the dancer whose drumbeat is the rhythmic heartbeat of the cosmos.  His consort, Shakti, is a mother goddess archetype, representing the female energy of the universe.  Shiva and Shakti are pictured once, as Shiva-Shakti: male and female being two faces of the same; i.e., two aspects of the one underlying cosmic energy stream out which all things are made.  Here’s a classic icon of Shiva:


	3 – As mentioned in the text, Amitabha Buddha is also called Amitayus.  Technically, Amitabha is the Buddha of Infinite Light.  Amitayus is the Buddha of Infinite Life, from whose bowl of immortality occasionally appears a stylized tree of life.
4 – A Buddha-family is called a Buddhakula.  There are five Buddha-clans.  In Vajrayana Buddhism, each Buddhakula is presided over by a Transcendent Buddha.  Ratnasambhava, the Jewel Buddha, receives an honorable mention in the text, as well as, toward the end, a full page picture.  The reader’s curiosity might reasonably be aroused: What are the five Buddhakulas?  Which Buddha presides over which Buddha-clan?  Here’s the answer:
Akshobhya – Buddha of The Vajra Family
Ratnasambhava – Buddha of The Jewel Family
Vairochana – Buddha of The Wheel (Chakra) Family
Amitabha – Buddha of The Lotus Family
Amoghasiddhi – Buddha of The (Practical) Action Family
	Collectively, they are called Dhyani Buddhas, because sitting in the meditation (dhyana) posture.  Vairochana is typically in the middle, showing the dharma-chakra mudra, with both hands at the heart.

