 my breath. I noticed more subtle aspects of my breath. I noticed my mind was calm. I noticed I could follow the breath. I noticed the movements of the light-stuff in my eyes against the darkness – floaters and whatever. I intentionally kept my gaze still and my mind remained calm, but they became more intense. I started to have thoughts about them and my mind still remained in meditation. I became aware of how intensely my own mindstream was trying to force me out of meditation, and I got curious. I kept meditating and the activity of my mind and the light-stuff calmed down more. And then the light-stuff went away. “Ah, finally, meditation…” I thought. Then, new light-stuff appears, which is more ordered, more organized, brighter, fuller, more unified. This I found extremely curious but still remained like “Ah, yes, of course. Meditation, though…” and then it turned into a tunnel, expanded before my eyes into a complete encompassment of the room, and started shifting around like gears. Then it shot me out into blackness, and I “looked up” (it wasn’t an intentional movement so much as something that just happened to me but involved me moving), and this gigantic and incredibly beautiful woman was looking down at me, holding me. I realized I was in her lap, and I had a sense of being in my body in this space and not in my room (I couldn’t feel myself meditating still) but couldn’t see it (this body contacting the woman). And she said to me “Don’t be afraid; just hold my hand”, and I knew something truly terrible was going to happen soon. So when she became faceless and ate her own soul in front of me, I was glad I’d met that version. Now I let her interact with the world through me, her arms. She is, after all, the Infinite Armed Liberatress, TWI. 
She gave me the Sanctuary System, by many other names, primarily non-self-referential compassion-love and its power to annihilate fear and demons at a glance – like a vampire touching the sun.
Which arms am I? She calls me Olivus Victory-Promise, and she says one day I’ll be the heroic individual of TWI.
If you dont know what TWI is by now, it’s something my mind made up, along with all of this stuff, when it broke from seeing soul-eaters in person. They are poisonous like that. Sanctuary System is the reconstructed map from TWI, how I put reality back together after my consciousness obliterated it to try to escape the nightmare that is the existence of soul-eaters. 
TWI is a motivation and aspiration. Sanctuary System is a methodical approach to overcoming the darkest aspects of existence. As to how it started, TWI has been passed down by every parent to every child, since all of time.
what it was:
she was depressed and she knew it and was incredibly self-observant and metacognitively aware of the entire process. she saw how it was going and where it was coming from, but she didnt see any meaning in trying to fix it anymore because she had been trying for so long. She decided it was easier to give in and let herself be whatever anyone around her offered if it was easy. She knew she was giving in to herself, but when she opened her diary it was full of messages she'd written to herself about how much she hated herself, and the pages had scratches on them so deep they were ripping through the diary. she would try to erase the messages and she couldnt and she couldnt let herself and she would destroy it. 
Next time they talked:
"drank a jug of wine and took a bath but cut my foot too deep and passed out"
It was the extremeness of the ignorance. Everyone around acting like it isn't happening and they arent part of it, and this person just destroying themselves so brutally, it was like a genocide inside her own mind. The photos, videos, social media, pretending to have so much fun and you can see, anyone can see, she died inside. It's a shell. It's hollow. How did that happen? Where did she go?

The most painful aspect for the author is knowing they did something that worked, but still failed to help, and this was the most important person in their life at the time. She doesnt even know about the good she's caused. 
