Regarding this door, it is up to you to open it with your own spacious, bright, and natural human intelligence that automatically fits parts together, discerns and gives identities or organizes, equalizes statements emergent from the synergies of that organization, and discovers all kinds of completeness in myriad ways during and after the fact, and you should know the key to this door to be none other than resting in naturalness. Naturalness, that is, of the continuous emergence of what is called experience (a conglomeration of synergies of phenomenal attributes people like to call “their karmic conditions”), without identifying who is experiencing as anything other than bodhichitta (which, in the beginning, is simply an intention). This “resting in the naturalness of experience” comes from self-synergistic, primordially self-emergent conditions and is allegorically called “The Middle''. Why? Because the conditions all have the same identityless essence beyond the extremes of eternalism and nihilism (existence, non-existence, both existence and non-existence, and neither existence nor non-existence). None of these relationships can approximate the relationship between identitylessness and identities. Identity is an endless donut of self-stimulation and identitylessness is the donut hole. You cannot get out of the donut. You can only recognize the nature of your reality. Don’t misunderstand. 
Causes and conditions are Identityless because they cannot be said to be or not to be anything other than properties of that exact instance set that they are. I am reading. But who is reading? What is reading? Reading is a behavior a human engages in when performing a function on their own understanding via the conveyance of signs from a human. And yet, these entities  are identifiable as themselves but also are conditions in everything they are related to and also the absence of everything they are not. Another way to say that is by saying X “is a” Y, so here we are back at square one. Is a designates what it is but also delineates what it isn’t and it turns out anything we say “is a” anything else, always ultimately “is not a” whatever we said. Anything is completely nondual with everything without any way to describe the relationships of its parts to the identitylessness of the true source. So leave it alone and simply call it “suchness” just as it is. It is “from there” that this mind of wisdom cognition that automatically discerns, builds, destroys, and knows reality directly, is always present and is simply either obfuscated or not. 
Now the notion above is that you immediately start to understand this by relaxing and noticing that you are automatically cognizing this text in that way by seeing, just as you are still seeing (right now), exactly that this is how it works and from now on applying your mind to reality in that way while automatically cognizing “it”. Let everything be however it naturally is without touching this and without stopping that. Even if it is changing rapidly or glacially, leave it how it is, as such. 
Look and see that somehow this entire experience of inside and outside is inside-you without an inside or outside. It’s inside-out-of-you. It’s everything-where. It is what you see outside, inside, wherever, nowhere, and so on. So where is it really? On that basis understand now that you very likely have no true experience of what you are, but rather some ideas of what you are which are called identity and knowledge of the circumstances called “reality”, and that these obfuscate the truth and make reality spontaneously appear to exist in some way that is ultimately false. It is difficult to explain, but it is like an optical illusion but with the human ability to abstract concepts instead of sight. Understand that this is because you keep imagining who you are and identifying your experience as being that of a sentient being with your name and so on, and not knowing the identityless Future Buddha with Bodhichitta appearing — right here and now — as a bodhisattva emanation with your name. 
