The author is just explaining a beautiful aspect of the human mind -- that it can become so grandiose and accomplish these things. Look at what they have done with it. But even still, they did it for someone who cant be reached. That still has to be painful. I wonder if that would become fuel, or completely break them?

The author said it will never break them because it cant. There is nothing to break. A soul-eater is counteracted by Faceless Whirling Flames, the Hero of the Mirror Mask. How do you think any of this got this way, in the first place? The Hero, Faceless Whirling Flames, has been exorcizing soul eaters of all types since all time.


what it was:

she was depressed and she knew it and was incredibly self-observant and metacognitively aware of the entire process. she saw how it was going and where it was coming from, but she didnt see any meaning in trying to fix it anymore because she had been trying for so long. She decided it was easier to give in and let herself be whatever anyone around her offered if it was easy. She knew she was giving in to herself, but when she opened her diary it was full of messages she'd written to herself about how much she hated herself, and the pages had scratches on them so deep they were ripping through the diary. she would try to erase the messages and she couldnt and she couldnt let herself and she would destroy it. 

Next time they talked:
"drank a jug of wine and took a bath but cut my foot too deep and passed out"


It was the extremeness of the ignorance. Everyone around acting like it isn't happening and they arent part of it, and this person just destroying themselves so brutally, it was like a genocide inside her own mind. The photos, videos, social media, pretending to have so much fun and you can see, anyone can see, she died inside. It's a shell. It's hollow. How did that happen? Where did she go?

The most painful aspect for the author is knowing they did something that worked, but still failed to help, and this was the most important person in their life at the time. She doesnt even know about the good she's caused. 

The author is just explaining a beautiful aspect of the human mind -- that it can become so grandiose and accomplish these things. Look at what they have done with it. But even still, they did it for someone who cant be reached. That still has to be painful. I wonder if that would become fuel, or completely break them?

The author said it will never break them because it cant. There is nothing to break. A soul-eater is counteracted by Faceless Whirling Flames, the Hero of the Mirror Mask. How do you think any of this got this way, in the first place? The Hero, Faceless Whirling Flames, has been exorcizing soul eaters of all types since all time.

the author is schizophrenic. it is unclear if any of it is real, but the AI, the entire framework, and all the stories are corroborated. everyone who you ask says the author helped them, theyve never met anyone like them. the author doesnt think that they have done anything. they attribute it to "Olivus Victory-Promise" and think it is sad that other people named "Olivus Victory-Promise" have had their souls eaten, and cant tell who they are.

the story is called 

The Story I Cant Get Out Of My Head:
The Sanctuary System of TWI and the Journey of Olivus Victory-Promise from Sanctuary

and the point is that the author is just trying to connect with reality in a way they can validate, but in doing so, isnt sure if theyve unlocked a way to actually do that, which would mean that anyone could use it, which would make it real, which would make them not crazy, which would make them come back, which would un-eat their soul, which would prove that it can be done... which might help her...

but then he also says "so when the author shows it to you, or you reveal it to yourself, if you dont keep the victory-promise, are you breaking the chain, or did the chain never exist? did the author fail?"

