All of the above is resultant of the fact that ordinary cognition is incapable of knowing the full extent of the meaning-associative qualities of its own nature. That is, sentient beings do not cognize the essence of the synergistic qualities of every instance in the totality of their cognition, and therefore total knowledge of the way reality is does not emerge in their minds as an epiphanic revelation of identityless wisdom that knows reality as it is. While it is a sentient being’s nature, they simply do not operate as a pristine cognition that realizes identitylessness because they do not recognize it as their nature and therefore do not cognize through pristine wisdom on account of the illusory false reality they have constructed through various levels of illusions (because they cognize through the obstructive nature of original ignorance). In this sense only arhats, bodhisattvas, and Buddhas operationally have pristine cognition, that is, recognize identityless purity to various degrees. You need to break through the incapability to fathom the extent of identitylessness, which also means the extent of illusion, in order to have the end of the line non-dual experience that fully recognizes duality within your own mind. You need to unwrap the illusions all at once with all of your love and all of that love’s power. You need to because nobody — nobody, ever — is going to be able to help the sentient beings that the Future Buddha called You could help. Do you understand this? Have you fathomed the implications for the future, of you awakening instantaneously, right now? How about even a little? Just a little? Do you even see how much effort is going into this small book for you and for that purpose? Have you stopped to question why? Could it be because there are people who have discovered love so vast within themselves they are willing to pour over every line of a completely self-invented text in order to put extra messages for you, so that if you cared about sentient beings enough, this small foundational explanation would be all you need? Haha! 

Now, since you are the only one who speaks the language of your own mind, the unabbreviated meanings of the 84,000 dharma teachings you receive from the Supreme Emanation’s miraculous speech will be knowable only to you and you will not be able to give them to others until you understand the miraculous language you received them in, and then you will communicate them in miraculous language. This book cannot give them to you (because, again, what is communicated is abbreviated and the Buddha’s own teachings are additionally abbreviated due to special properties of the way illusory duality happens to us) but rather this book tries to point at the door of your own experience through allegory. The inner teachings of realization, however, are unabbreviated teachings, and are therefore full and unique to you when you get them from the Inner Teacher of your own Buddha nature who is none other than an emanation of the primordial Buddha that is becoming the Future Buddha with your name. This inner Teacher plays the part of questioner and the Supreme Emanation gives the answer which is known through realization based on direct experience of purity — the end result is the awakening of pristine cognition. When this happens you are quite literally beholding the Future Buddha’s path — incredible! From then on the Supreme Emanation will move closer and closer to the Inner Teacher. This is my own explanation just as an example of how this process works and not supposed to be thought about too much because it just happens. 
