In this text I will simply lay out the a priori circumstances we humans find ourselves in according to the wisdom tradition called The Middle Way, set forth in the first turning of the wheel of dharma by the Greatly Able One, Shakyamuni. I will then move into the view of the bodhisattva path transmitted by him through the power of miraculous teachings during the second turning of the wheel of dharma. As this view is inseparable from Bodhichitta and compassion and Avalokitesvara embodies that, we may also think of the Mahayana as the Middle Way Path of Avalokitesvara. The meanings herein are expressed through my humble attempt to weave them together into your reality through metaphorical transference. Best of luck to you, dear friend! Know all will go well provided you are resting in bodhichitta, the great ego destroyer. 

May whoever reads this generate bodhichitta. 
Wherever it is, may it ever increase and never decline! 

OM MUNI MUNI MAHA MUNAYE SVAHA


Introduction

Hey, You! Ah-la!
Trapped in the psychological prison of your own conceptualizing ignorance — haha! 
May you escape this prison by going nowhere — haha!
By awakening to freedom in a single moment — haha!
On the basis of recognizing the timeless, pristine nature of the Future Buddha with your name! A la la ho!

Firstly, understand that as a sentient being or a bodhisattva your cognition is composed of various unique conceptualizations of the illusory phenomena of your world. Therefore, your cognition is composed of various symbols only you understand the implications of. You may call these “words” and think they have “[shared] definitions” that you “know”, but actually what you have committed to memory is simply a shorthand for bringing up vague, conceptualized facsimiles of the properties of phenomena. These are properly called illusions. You then use these to communicate various illusory meanings to your illusory self in your own illusory mind, which you then attempt to share with illusory others by various illusory means. All of this you reify with flagrant disregard for what is true and false. 
We are all wrapped in the illusion of Samsara, where we are constantly defeated by Mara, the killer of Future Buddhas (the children of the Jinas). These illusory phenomena do not have verifiable shared meanings within all the illusory minds of those illusory sentient beings you use them with when you use them in illusory communications of any type with others (even though they do “have” those meanings as definitions in the dictionary). This pervasive illusoriness is also the reason why the teachings in this book are called “abbreviated.”

“…concerning instruction by knowledge conveyed in speech, the supreme emanational body gives abbreviated teaching by means of the five vehicles which correspond to the perception of those requiring training, who are of five families or types (gotra). He gives detailed explanation, teaching the eighty-four thousand doctrinal components as an antidote for the eighty-four thousand conflicting emotions, and he concludes his teaching corresponding to the degree of acumen [in those who require training]. All these are instruction by knowledge conveyed in speech which conveys understanding beyond the attributes of mere sounds and words, to the realms of sentient beings in an appropriately intelligible form through the tathāgatas’ blessing. As a sūtra of definitive meaning says: Concerning all these teachings, I did not teach a single syllable.”
Dudjom Rinpoche II, History 

