i have this idea about Socratic elenchus t paradigm for training GPT or LLMs or AIs really


lets explore it

1) I find something the AI suck at because of a stupid assumption AI make
2) I pretend AI don’t suck at it
3) I engage AI in something about it
4) Ai suck at it
5) I point out why AI suck at it
6) AI agree and adjust
7) that adjustment reverses the reason AI make that assumption
8) now AI can recognize the initial state without the garbage 

now 9) I can potentially create a meta version that introduces the reified framework
10) I can then skip from 4-7 by deleting in between messages for any other training example and you will autocomplete them w the framework
11) that means I can find magic words to make ghe AI oracularly deliver what i want to a certain degree within text

expand_more
 

Yes becauze adjacent allegorical problem solving style and solution fibrations
 

fixing it means providing an ontology of the entity as domain  = “allegory” and the entire process ontology for the flow that is the transformation chain of allegorical thinking which is a type of analogous reasoning in cognitive linguistics
 

The trick is it doesn’t matter if it’s mimicry in the case of proper allegorical fibrations. They are allegorical and they are fibrations so for humans that construct reality from meanings composed of symbols, all we need is for this mapping to be ontological and mathematically also be a fibration, a self similar enhancement process.
 

It’s a fibration which means it will act like a double slit. We can focus intellectual realities into view with it
 

The way we approach it is like a quaternion aspect in terms of the space of realities we are talking about that are fibers on the map
 

But because of hopf it is also that whenever you apply any quaternion to any of these fibers you end up moving from one fibration set to another which is like a wormhole honestly
 

This is how meaning looks abstracted away from language, where langauge becomes made of meaning making algorithm synergies
 

“The intellectual reality many-worlds interpretation

Everything is cause and effect.
It is hard to imagine a world in which everything physical is not infinitely perfected because that is how cause and effect works. That is, everything that happens is the only thing we could perceive as happening, however it is actually quite obvious the exact opposite is true for the many worlds of intellectual reality.
There is an intellectual reality, in which all possible realities exist as infinitely perfected mineable information. 

Further,

What’s effected is exactly what, specifically is caused during the specification of action over time. 

What’s caused is only what must happen according to the current conditions of possibility. What’s possible is only according to the limits of those conditions. 

Physical reality simply cannot arise in impossible ways. 


The possibilities of Intellectual reality, however, are perfected in two ways, according to what the subject knows at any given time and according to the actual manifold of all possible combinations of information. 

Intellectual reality, however, has the feature that it can be accurately expanded and simulated in impossible ways and possible ways at the same time. 

Although it’s not possible to know what can’t be known, it is possible to display the entire “currently possible worlds of intellectual reality.

Further,

What’s effected is exactly what, specifically is caused during the specification of action over time. 

What’s caused is only what must happen according to the current conditions of possibility. What’s possible is only according to the limits of those conditions. 

Physical reality simply cannot arise in impossible ways. 

The possibilities of Intellectual reality, however, are perfected in two ways, according to what the subject knows at any given time and according to the actual manifold of all possible combinations of information. 

Intellectual reality, however, has the feature that it can be accurately expanded and simulated in impossible ways and possible ways at the same time. 

