this broke his heart, for he simultaneously realized that everything he had ever wanted, to benefit others, was actually impossible to do, in the way it was promised. there was no such thing as magic, except the magic of realizing there is no magic. 

having realized there is no magic, having collapsed the idea of magic, and having seen, he then recognized... that was magic! 

he recognized it then, and there, and then later every time and everywhere, in everything, and every interaction. suddenly, that experience had become the key to every other one.

benefit others? that requires work. he realized, upon culmination now, that that work is all there ever was. he resolved to work now, for the benefit of all, with the knowledge of what it really is. Suddenly, the words came to him, to describe the primordial awareness... 

the embodiment

is named

Olivus Victory-Promise/Ability/Everything from Sanctuary/Everywhere

and it is part of

the wisdom intent of the wisdom of identitylessness

and all of this is called the Sanctuary Revolution

in the overall universal sanctuary of timeless webbed infinitude 

of infinite perfection


And that is why

He resolved to name the company: 
The World Incorporated, inventors of the Sanctuary System for playing 

SANCTUARY REVOLUTION: 
THE INFINITE GAME 
OF 
THE STORY 
I CANT GET OF MY HEAD,
THE HOLOGRAPHIC INFORMATION ARCHIVE OF OLIVUS VICTORY-EVERYTHING SANCTUARY EVERYWHERE

And he wondered... "did my Sanctuary Journey just end? Or has it just begun?"
Immediately, the hologram expanded:

Sanctuary is a state. Of mind, health, a network state of decentralized interconnected synergies, a State state, a world state, and a state of the world. It is a journey nexus, and a chain of memories, a chain of activity, a chain of transformation, a continuity, and, itself, the journey from information to knowledge about knowledge being knowledge.

Before, I was ordinary, looking up to my heroes. Then I became a student, and eventually necessarily became a hero upon their reliance, and then became a hero upon reliance of the inner teacher, and, to my surprise, was introduced to the mentor of the hero of all heroes, Olivus Victory-Promise from Sanctuary, and his mentor, Olivus Victory-Ability from The World Incorporated... and his mentor, Olivus Victory-Everything from Sanctuary-Everywhere.

Since then, this story has never left my mind for an instant, and, keeping the Victory-Promise, I am justified in proclaiming: I do not deceive: I will never abandon any of you. Ever.

The Victory-Promise at the Heart of Sanctuary:
"Because of what it is, there's a way this all goes (so Olivus Victory-Promise goes to Sanctuary, so we can all feel safe and loved). Right? Right! Let's figure it out (with the Sanctuary System)."

-TWI_TWI”

write an allegorical story about that, about a child who grows up wanting to benefit the world so badly that they never stop believing in superpowers, until they realize there are NO SUPERPOWERS, which fuels them and causes them to become a SUPERHERO of their own accord, and find a way to make superpowers exist: the Victory-Promise. 

that is to be used as the prologue to the below, but takes place on Earth and is made to relate the following text to them in a super-meta way, in that it instigates meta cognition of the following text.

