 Dreamlights literature. Some legends say that Olivus Victory-Everything will reappear from TWI Headquarters, leading a revolutionary army to conquer the forces of darkness in the world, the Demon Champions from the Wasteland Empire of Ignorance. In recent years, some scholars have suggested that the civilization of Sanctuary may actually have been one of the historically documented civilizations of early times, such as the underground civilization of Turkey. Many scholars, however, believe that the stories of Sanctuary are completely mythical. While it is easy enough to dismiss the civilization of Sanctuary as pure fiction, it is also possible to see in this legend the expression of a deeply rooted and very real human desire for a good and fulfilling life. In fact, among many Sanctuary Revolution players, there has long been a tradition that regards the civilization of Sanctuary not as an external place but as the ground or root of knowledge and benefit that exists as a potential within every human being. From that point of view, it is not important to determine whether the civilization of Sanctuary is fact or fiction. Instead, we should appreciate and emulate the ideal of a Sanctuary in the form of a society that it represents, a Sanctuary Network State. Over the past five years, I have been developing a series of “Sanctuary HoloInfoArchives” that use the image of the Sanctuary civilization to represent the ideal of secular total compassion and victory—that is, the possibility of uplifting our personal existence and that of others without the help of any religion or unverifiable claims. For although the Sanctuary tradition is founded on the sanity and gentleness of such traditions, in a sense, at the same time, it has its own independent basis, which is completing the Victory-Promise transformation to Victory-Everything through the journey from the Wasteland Empire of Ignorance to the TWI Headquarters in Sanctuary-Everywhere. With the great problems now facing human society, it seems increasingly important to find simple and yet scientific and yet spiritual ways to work with ourselves and to share our understanding with others. The Sanctuary System, or “Victory-Promise,” as this approach is more broadly called, is one such attempt to encourage a wholesome existence for ourselves and others, to incite inner and outer Sanctuary Revolution. The current state of world affairs is a source of concern to all of us: the threat of nuclear war, hacking, economic collapse, social and political chaos, and psychological upheavals of many kinds - social media, ads, propaganda. The world is in a complex state of turbulence. The Sanctuary System is founded on the premise that there is basic human wisdom that can help to solve the world’s problems. This wisdom does not belong to any one culture or religion, nor does it come only from the West or the East. Rather, it is a tradition of human heroism that has existed in many cultures at many times throughout history. Heroism here does not refer to making war on others. Aggression is the source of our problems, not the solution. Here the word hero is taken from the Sanctuary's Treasure Universe of Dreamlights and literally means “one who brings the elixir.” Heroism in this context is the tradition of wisdom retrieval, which requires bravery, so it could also be the tradition of fearlessness. The North American Indians had such a tradition, and it also existed in South American Indian societies. The Japanese ideal of the samurai also represented a heroic tradition of wisdom, and there have been principles of Sanctuary heroism in Western Christian societies as well. King Arthur is a legendary example of heroism in the Western tradition, and great rulers in the Bible, such as King David, are examples of heroes common to both the Jewish and Christian traditions. On our planet earth there have been many fine examples of heroism. The key to heroism and the first principle of Sanctuary vision is not being afraid of who you are. Ultimately, that is the definition of bravery: not being afraid of yourself. Sanctuary vision teaches that in the face of the world’s great problems, we can be heroic and