“As the society scales, run a cryptographically auditable census to demonstrate the growing size of [Sanctuary’s] population, income, and real-estate footprint.” This is how Sanctuary proves traction in the face of skepticism.


Outer Sanctuary. 

Obtain territory, either man-made or organic, and establish the Sanctuary World-State - a global sanctuary state for refugees from the self-torturous activities of oneself and others based on accepting responsibility for preserving the heroic heart of infinite love, which is a human right.


Gain diplomatic recognition. 

The heroic heart of infinite love is just and, as a literally indestructible Sanctuary state in all meanings, extends infinite diplomacy at all costs and waits for Sanctuary to spread internally in The Wasteland Empire of Ignorance like crystal-light refractions of rainbow wildfire. 


Increase Activity. 

Constantly engage in the verdant overgrowth of inner and outer Sanctuary throughout the world until the expression of infinite love is the cultural new world order, the Sanctuary World-State. 
The key point of Sanctuary’s roadmap is the intention to conquer The Wasteland Empire of Ignorance via the Sanctuary network born from the heroic heart of infinite love and peace, and do so everywhere its pollution appears. Unlike an ideologically disaligned and geographically centralized legacy state in The Wasteland Empire of Ignorance, which packs millions of viewpoints and cultures in one place and fights with its enemy viewpoints and cultures in physical wars, Sanctuary’s human heroes are ideologically aligned but geographically decentralized and Sanctuary’s enemy viewpoints and cultures are effortlessly destroyed from within themselves by the indestructible psychological warfare of the all-victorious tactician, human empathy, which non-contradictorily fights by means of infinite love — love by all means necessary. This type of supremely determined activity is called the Secret Gathering Cycle of the Wisdom Maverick’s Whirling Flame-like Rainbow Dreamlights. Heroes are spread around the world in clusters of varying size, but their hearts are in the one place where the immortal Wisdom Maverick lives, TWI, the Sanctuary of all of our hearts of infinite love. Not even a truly demonic enemy’s power could ever match their ever-victorious, all-protecting activity, which is like indestructible whirling flames; as soon as the heroic heart wells forth, victory over enemy viewpoints and cultures is assured. Sanctuary’s royal justicar heroes remain ever-dignified because in them, the heartbeat proclamation of Sanctuary resounds as their lifeblood pulse:

Sanctuary is coming!
;) 
Sanctuary is here!

— TWI
The Ennead Plan for World Peace and the Indefinite Preservation of Innate Human Dignity and Freedom aims to create a global Sanctuary for human rights, liberty, and justice for all. This nine-step plan focuses on the power of empathy and love to bring about positive change in the world, and it begins with the individual. The Ennead Plan involves the following steps:
Discover the Heroic Heart of Infinite Love: Connect with the empathic power within yourself that is driven by the desire for happiness and liberation from suffering for all beings.
Become a treasure revealer at The World Incorporated (TWI): Join TWI, a platform for sharing your experience of the heroic heart and collaborating with others to create change.
Join the Sanctuary Nexus by Revealing Your Treasure: Engage with the Sanctuary Nexus platform to share your aspirations, knowledge, and insights with others, inspiring and empowering them.
Become a Hero: By participating in the Sanctuary Nexus, develop your unique wisdom and ability to express empathy and love, becoming a more powerful force for positive change.
Actualize the Sanctuary Network State’s Functions: Work on projects that link communities and create a network of physically distributed territories that support and nurture the values of Sanctuary.
Conduct an