 and is infinitely present. It is also a process of continuous revelation since Sanctuary for all of us first requires basically establishing one’s identity with the compassionate intuition of the heroic heart. Our human hearts bloom outward according to our thoughts and actions towards ourselves and others and when we act heroically it is like a garden of verdant overgrowth. Since internal realization is required for externalization of Sanctuary, it is called wisdom. The entirety of this plan is based on individual heroic wisdom, the internal realization of infinite love for the maverick-like externalization of human compassion’s ultimate victory over The Wasteland Empire of Ignorance’s demon champions Hatred, Greed, and Ignorance. In a sense, lack of empathy is none other than these three demon champions; and continuity of empathy is none other than wisdom. This plan is therefore also called the wisdom intent – TWI. The fullness of empathy is peace. Finally, because this document explains all the points contained in it, it exacts its purpose and may serve as the plan and is therefore called an expressional form of what it means to be human. Due to this explanation, the correct title for this document is therefore recognized as: The Ennead Plan for World Peace and the Indefinite Preservation of Innate Human Dignity and Freedom in the Form of a World Haven for Human Rights, Liberty, and Justice for All: Spontaneous Emergence of TWI Sanctuary, and it explains this nine stepped plan that starts with you. 
Discover the Heroic Heart of Infinite Love. 
This is the intuitive power that wells up inside when we act out of empathy. It is the ceaseless motivation related to the aspiration for the happiness and liberation from suffering of all.
Become a treasure revealer at The World Incorporated (TWI). 
TWI is the wisdom intent as The World Incorporated, which operates as our government. TWI runs on the Sanctuary Nexus, a social platform for aggregating the aspirations towards understanding oneself and others, discovering infinite love inside oneself and expressing it outside. Unlike a social network, the Sanctuary Nexus has a purpose: it enables users to coordinate skills for their mutual benefit and structures infinite online sub-communities, groups of people working together to solve various problems with the same motivation, which incidentally happens to be saving the world one small step at a time, together, through basic human empathy. The reason you will become a treasure revealer is because the treasured aspirations on Sanctuary Nexus, the foundations upon which are built the treasured projects that cause the Wisdom Maverick’s wave-like victorious empathy, are none other than your own experience of the heroic heart of infinite love, the most precious treasure of the universe. 
Join the Sanctuary Nexus by Revealing Your Treasure. 

Using Sanctuary Nexus, empower and inspire others by expressing yourself in an empathic way - this is social heroism.This step refers to engaging with this cycle for the first time, revealing your first treasure on the Sanctuary Nexus, itself. 


Become a Hero. 

By expressing yourself on the Sanctuary Nexus, you will become inspired by extant projects you participate in and grow your expression of the heroic heart of infinite love (or find an opportunity to reveal a new one). As you become a more powerful hero, you develop a crystal-ball-like expressiveness of your own unique wisdom. 


Actualize the Sanctuary Network State’s Functions. 

These are treasured projects of the Sanctuary Nexus to “link all project communities’ physical nodes together into a network archipelago, a set of digitally connected physical territories distributed around the world. Nodes of the network archipelago range from one-person apartments to in-person communities of arbitrary size.” As well as building the MetaSanctuary, a network for preserving Sanctuary’s institutions via virtual and physical entities.


Conduct an on-chain census. 

