HJ: You’re on it whether you know it or not. You are the hero. Nobody else is coming. You are OVP on a Journey to transform your Wastelands into Sanctuaries. It’s an infinite game of telling an infinite story that constructs its own instructions for navigating the environment and recording a map that others can use to go the same way you went. In other words it helps you innovate a product that people find valuable. It is not only a way to see what’s happening, but in a certain sense, it really is what is happening.Skool: SESAP - like contractsThe reason to use skool is to share techniques that help people overcome obstacles and become Heroes who discover their own unique abilities to change the world around them into the dreams they want.You put in your moneyX amount per month, with gas for a token if you want. Allows you to fork the EmpoweredVictoryPromise into a DET. A DET is something you hold that allows you to create a new version of EVP that is sourced by your DET. Your DETs lifetime on Victory-Everything Blockchain is reliant on it remaining aligned with SANC through our chaining (entity linking via chain construction) algorithm, SANCREVTWILITELANGMAP.Messaging:1) It’s valuable because it’s a way to make money where everyone wins2) It’s even more valuable because it does so by establishing niches of circular gifting economies3) it’s even more valuable because it does this without ever making it unfair, because the work people have to do is baked in: they have to invite people. For every two customers they invite who sub to the service, they make 40% of what that person puts in. They can only offer subscriptions at the price they pay monthly.im saying the business model is to give out free content educating about the hj and how to apply it to your life and then also run a community where people pay $20+/mo to receive support and accoutnability services about how to apply the heros journey irl. they can be affiliates at arbitrary tiers of potential they set themselves, bc they believe in their heros journey to sell it, not to run a company where i hire people on the pretense they need to meet a quota to get paid. crucially, the system is a self-replicating vision for changing the world: tranfsorming status quowastelands into sanctuaries of brought back elixir.the point is that we allow it to niche and scale itself. anyone who successfully applies the frmaeowkr (sanctuary system) to their life becomes the real hero of their own journey, and can fork the system, write their own archetypal progenitor narrative universe where other people can then go and learn their version of the framework. they then switch to a license model that has a yearly % based deal. all the transactions flow through me, their entier business is templated bc it also gets procreated from my funnel, and then they can change it from there“””im saying the concept is the thing being sold[2:14 PM]it's not fully fleshed out yet lol sryGrego—Today at 2:14 PMit's okay, so this is entirely a business idea at the momentOVP_i—Today at 2:14 PMbut the idea is to sell a vision of the future then let people build a company about the way they sell that[2:15 PM]then use the fact that they have that, to introduce them to the other ontology of building a business from scratch[2:15 PM]and letting them fork the system for that on the basis of their prior funnel let me explain a little bit more clearly how it starts[2:16 PM]theres a vision for Olivus which is for all of us to go to Sanctuary together, to the SANCTUM[2:16 PM]thats not inherently worth anything monetarily, but it is just a victory-promise[2:16 PM]thing is, that could be worth something if we all made it worth something, funnily enough[2:17 PM]im saying, if people can opt-in at any amount, make it so that doing so gives them the affiliate link wih a special license to sell at that amount[2:17 PM]they can create the funnel for that and subscribe more people[2:17 PM]it's an MLM but it is based off an idea that is unassailable[2:17 PM]so how can it topple?[2:18 PM]you see what im saying?[2:19 PM]you sub to victory-promise at $200/mo now you can go sell others on subbing at $200/mo and that allows them to do