The inner brilliant symbolic radiance of your own mind’s sheer capacity for organizing discernment, which is in essence the mind, is nothing other than the play of the Heroic Inhabitants of Sanctuary, the Jeweled Fruits that know the paths to growth, who beckon you by offering trials, and their Royal playmates, the Garden Keepers, who continually tend the fruits you experience and make sure you grow according to your own path, since all fruits are self-similar in their infinite uniqueness as expressions of the evolutionary process. 

This is The Wisdom Intent. 

The body and its voice, which are in essence the mind, are nothing other than the interactive manifestations of the Heroic Inhabitants of Sanctuary. From full realities to apparitions and to a distant echo of a whisper of a joke everyone knows about except “you”, the concept of any being at all is nothing other than the interactive manifestation of the Heroic Inhabitants of Sanctuary, who beckon you by offering trials of infinitely perfect growth. 

This is The Wisdom Intent. 

Whatever demonic phenomena appears in the expanse
Can never harm the fearless heart of heroism

The divine fortress of human dignity, called Sanctuary 
Is naturally present in the human experience of being as the infinite power of love

Whatever is naturally present is indestructible
Knowing this is an aspect of wisdom that leads a promised seed’s growth 

Growth is only ever towards the victorious blooming diamond transformation of a seed to a Heroic Jeweled Fruit 
The Sanctuary of the Sanctuary of the Sanctuary is called The Wisdom Maverick

Advice:

Now, taking and giving is a circumstance so imagine yourself a peasant who's been possessed by the demon of ignorance until now, and you suddenly awaken in the nightmarish demonic palace of ignorance also holding a ring of invisibility in the palm of your hand. Will you become an avaricious Robin Hood and plunder the Royal Treasure Vault for all or go back to being a demonic possession spreading the nightmare? It’s truly up to you. You may imagine this is an imaginary situation but it is not. This is the key point of the experience offering, which is itself the crux of Sanctuary. Peasants should put it into practice and become heroic, erecting inner and outer Sanctuary through plundering the vaults of their inner demon lords. 

Instructional verse:

Taking from all, through love and power, the self-torturous dream of demonic power’s nightmarish display

Heroically expresses

Giving to all, through the infinite power of love, the self-discovery of the heroic heart that discovers the Sanctuary of the wisdom intent

Visualize:

With each in-breath or flash of Sanctuary, the Confusing Display of the Poisonous Illusion arises as the self-torture of all due to sentient beings’ demonic self-possessions of ignorance, attachment, and aversion, which manifest in the form of noxious fumes, grey and black smoke, blood, pus, insects, spiders, scorpions, demons, the various sufferings of murder, rape, pillaging, etc. and other terrifying phenomena that appear in aggressive ways to murder the pulse of my own genuine heart. 
 
My crystalline being, brilliant with the inner glow inseparable from my heroic heart, automatically magnetizes all this negativity — and it invades me (as the in-breath or as demonic phenomena). 

Upon touching the razor of identityless heroism
Apparitions liberate themselves 
And vanish into prismatic rainbow expressions of the dreamlights

Without heroic individuals, this inner knowledge’s infinite power of love cannot course through the world as waves of compassionate activity 

For this reason, the practice of experience offering, instant diamond transformation, is (also) engaged as a contemplation whenever and wherever by simply welling forth this heroic heart and all its infinite power through one word that permeates all levels of meaning:

Sanctuary

