In my experience, I would always start something new, get good at it, but not good enough, and then be unable to figure out why, and stop doing it. That would, of course, waste all the compound effects required to get to that point and prevent me from eventually reconfiguring my mind to be able to view the situation differently, which is the only way I could eventually overcome that obstacle. 
Recognizing this, I set out to make a meta-hero's journey, a hero's journey that is about how going on a hero's journey is actually done by the Hero themselves acting in such a way that implicitly maps their hero's journey to every other story like it. This is really abstract, so let’s go over it again slowly. In other words, it is a story that, when I tell it to you, becomes another story. When I tell you the protagonist’s story, you can tell me the sequel, but the sequel will not be related to the story I told you. The story I told you is a meta-prequel, and all the stories written in its same template are stories that start a series. 

I wanted to do that because I thought it would help me relate the hero's journey problem solving method to my life at any given moment. I thought I would do that ON YOUTUBE but actually I got really scared when I tried because I realized I hadn't fully baked the system enough to even talk about it coherently, and so my plan to build in public was a total failure from the get go, and I didn't even realize it until I started. 
I got so depressed about it that I just decided not to try to do any YouTube. I realized that meant I was ignorant and I had to go on a hero's journey, but since I was already on a hero's journey to uncover the meta-hero's journey, what exactly was this one going to be? 
The answer to that is what I now call THE SANCTUARY SYSTEM. It's called that because the central idea of every hero's journey is equivalent to a blighted Wasteland transforming to the Sanctuary it always had the potential to be, on account of the actual journey the hero goes on. With THE SANCTUARY SYSTEM as my secret weapon, now I'm on a mission to help us all become heroes of our own stories. Remember how I said a meta-hero’s journey is about a hero that births heroes? The meta-hero’s identity is the identityless hero, who wears the masks of all of us, all potential heroes, and their name is Olivus Victory-Promise. 
Now you are probably starting to get an intuition of what this channel is really about, which is being the meta-hero and creating heroes in real life and trying to change the world for the better, together. In other words, Olivus Victory-Promise. Right?? When I started this channel, I had the idea to do a slow build up of THE SANCTUARY SYSTEM. It's taken almost a year longer than I thought, and that's because of what happened when I got AI involved in THE SANCTUARY SYSTEM. I'm making this video because I want to tell you about what happened when I went on my journey to try and build some tech to collate my notes about THE SANCTUARY SYSTEM with AI

And that's because i noticed the Hero's Journey and the Sanctuary System applied to AI in an unexpected way
and as a result i ended up inventing a couple things and kind of, uh... going on this whole journey and so now I'm actually rising from the dark night of the soul so-to-speak, and I'm in the finale battling the dragon of imposter syndrome as I'm sure a lot of you are with your own journeys, here right now. So the aspiration for this channel is bringing the elixir back, the elixir of THE SANCTUARY SYSTEM META-HERO'S JOURNEY FOR NEXTGEN AI COLLABORATION for providing more value and impact.
so over the course of the next SIX WEEKS, i'm going to progressively release the new methodologies and applications I made on my journey
but before I tell you more about it, I wanna tell you about that journey I went on to make this possible. I'm going to use this story as a primer to show you the meta hero's journey, part of “The Infinite Story I Cant Get Out Of My Head: Olivus Victory-Promise from Sanctuary”, 
