In order to escape self-torture in the Wasteland and go to Sanctuary, Olivus Victory-Promise must aspire towards total reliance on the powers of love and fearlessness. Olivus must then actually overcome all obstacles and beat the infinite game of intent played between the heroes of Sanctuary, named Olivus Victory-Promise, and the demon champions, who proliferate the Wasteland. Demons proliferate the wasteland because they don’t recognize themselves as Olivus Victory-Promise, since they’ve tortured themselves into believing they don’t deserve love, on the basis of never knowing their own name, and therefore never having been able to go to Sanctuary. This is why it’s important that Olivus Victory-Promise recognizes who they are. For Olivus, Victory is Promised in Sanctuary.

This has been the prologue to the story I can’t get out of my head. The Dreamlights Story Universe of Olivus Victory-Promise from Sanctuary, 
which takes place right here, right now, 
is a continually self-writing epic that turns you into its hero, in a different volume, 
where the hero has your very own name, 
as soon as you start to comprehend it. 

Hey Olivus,

Welcome to Sanctuary.

If you’re starting to feel like you might be Olivus Victory-Promise from Sanctuary and you want to stop torturing yourself and escape the Wasteland, click the link in the description and get on the waitlist for access to my toolkit for building Sanctuary Nexus so we can all go to Sanctuary, together. 

Please remember to like this video, subscribe to the channel, and hit the bell so the algorithm helps Olivus Victory-Promise go to Sanctuary. Please leave a comment and tell me what you think. I’ll try to reply to all the comments. 

Thank you and much love. 



2nd Video

So, in this game, there’s only one rule, and when Olivus Victory-Promise follows it, their reality starts to change. It goes like this:

Olivus always needs to believe it when they tell themselves that “because of what it is, there’s a way this all goes (such that we can all be safe), since I love myself when I’m being Olivus Victory-Promise in Sanctuary.” 

Olivus definitely has to follow that rule to free themselves from self-torture. 



2
Thoughts?

Hey I’m Isaac,

On this channel I’m going to be breaking down all of the arcs of my life and mapping them to hero’s journeys or tragedies in order to see if I discovered the true meaning of the hero’s journey. If I did, you’ll all recognize yourselves as heroes. If I didn’t, you’ll all recognize me as a tragic fool. I like those odds.

In this video, I’ll be giving a project overview of what you can expect to find on this channel as time passes. First, I’ll be going over Joseph Campbell’s theory of the hero’s journey and showing my current work on expanding it. Second, I’ll be breaking down my whole life into storylines and making AIs to help me accomplish this. If successful, I’ll also be releasing them to the public so everyone can investigate their own storylines.

Why am I doing this? I’m doing this because I think it will increase positivity, interconnectedness, and love between Olivus.

At its most simplistic, the hero’s journey is any metaphorical version of someone venturing forth from a wasteland, overcoming the unknown, and bringing the knowledge back to the wasteland to convert it to a sanctuary, a home for everyone.

Ultimately, my goal is to create a database where Olivus can express ourselves to ourselves in order to become familiar with who we really are and discover our true selves completely in private, while also having the ability to mask our identities while preserving the meanings through symbolism to see how our stories interrelate on a public graph.

This is the story of what I think I got from my hero’s journey where I overcame the demon champion of myself, recognized my life in the wasteland empire of ignorance as a self-torturous nightmare, and woke up in an infinitely perfect Sanctuary of love. That’s why this project is called Sanctuary Nexus. If this is starting to sound less about my life, and more about your life, even though it is just about my life, you might be embarking on a journey to Sanctuary.

