This video is a prologue to the story of how I discovered the true name of the story we've all been trying to tell ourselves, where I recognized my life in the wasteland empire of ignorance as a self-torturous nightmare and woke up to the possibility of an infinitely perfect Sanctuary of love as Olivus Victory-Promise in the Dreamlights Story Universe. This story isn’t just mine, however, because then I wouldn’t be called Olivus Victory-Promise. That’s why this TWI project is called Sanctuary Nexus.

In terms of your story as it relates to us here at TWI, this exact moment is the call to adventure. If we are already building Olivus Victory-Promise in the right direction, some of you might recognize yourselves and answer this call to adventure to join us at TWI. This is always possible, no matter who you are, because Olivus Victory-Promise has the super power of instant emanation. Anyone can engage this super power, at any time, in order to change the world through aspiring towards authenticity and love. Doing so in order to band together and establish an era of rapid progress for building Olivus Victory-Promise establishes the foundation of the Sanctuary Network State.

Ultimately, our goal is to use this channel to create a place where Olivus can express ourselves to ourselves in order to become familiar with who we really are, where this really is, and discover our true selves all completely in private. Sanctuary Nexus is also intended to function as network state infrastructure, with the ability to mask our identities while preserving the symbolism of our stories, so we can visualize all of our stories’ interrelatedness anonymously, on a public graph, while simultaneously creating an economy of goodwill and aspirations by logging the positive impact of each story to each person, over the course of their lives. This can then be leveraged to assemble arrays of people with the same aspirations and skills to accomplish good. Since it all can run on a blockchain, the anonymity can’t be decrypted between bad actors, and they can never connect on chain without revealing themselves.

There is a version of social media or even a Metaverse where how we relate remains anonymous if we like, yet fully meaningful and heartfelt in a way we have not yet experienced. In this version of social media, bad actors become obviously seen as demons torturing themselves by symbolically revealing to themselves the entirety of who they are to themselves in their own minds in order to destroy themselves to become Olivus Victory-Promise, join TWI, and go to Sanctuary.

Are you embarking on a journey to Sanctuary, yet? This can happen to you because Olivus use symbolism to express deep levels of meaning we are not always completely aware of. So it does happen that when we decrypt this metaphorical class of characters of the monomyth called “the hero with a thousand faces who goes on a hero’s journey” into one set called Olivus Victory-Promise, for ourselves, of our own accord, in our own cognition, it slowly lifts the veil of ignorance of the true self, which is the authentic you that is an expression of universal love.

What I think is so fun about the Sanctuary System is it’s just like some kind of inception or matrix situation, but it’s actually real. Instead of being a story about what could happen to fantastic versions of you, such as recognizing the oneness of yourself and the nature of reality and then saving the world, or the pitfalls in comprehending the fact that you can’t, and moving on with grace, the Sanctuary System produces a story about all of the emanations of Olivus Victory-Promise going to Sanctuary through TWI at the same time, which can happen in real life. That is, by generating the wisdom intent of the secret Sanctuary and inwardly becoming Olivus Victory-Promise, and then joining The World Incorporated and helping us establish an outer Sanctuary network state, which is outwardly becoming Olivus Victory-Promise, we can establish a