If we are already building Olivus Victory-Promise in the right direction, some of you might recognize yourselves and answer this call to adventure to join us at TWI. This is technically step three but this is always possible, no matter who you are, because Olivus Victory-Promise has the super power of instant emanation. Anyone can engage this super power, at any time, in order to change the world through aspiring towards authenticity and love. Emanating en masse to establish an era of rapid progress for building Olivus Victory-Promise is the foundation of the Sanctuary Network State, which happens through the Sanctuary Nexus platform. For those reasons, Nexus and the Network State capabilities are steps four and five.

Ultimately, our goal is for this channel, at the least, to represent an aspiration that Olivus can express ourselves to ourselves in order to become familiar with who we really are, where this really is, and discover our true selves all completely in private. As mentioned, Sanctuary Nexus is also intended to function as infrastructure for building a network state later. It will have the ability to mask our identities while preserving the symbolism of our stories, so we can visualize the interrelatedness of all of our stories anonymously, while simultaneously creating an economy of goodwill and aspirations by logging the positive impact of each story to each person, over the course of their lives. This network of relationships can also be leveraged to assemble arrays of people with the same aspirations for positive change into arrays of skill workers and assign them tasks to accomplish their aspirations. Since Sanctuary Nexus can be run on a blockchain, we can set rules so anonymity can’t be decrypted between bad actors without them revealing themselves. 

Are you embarking on a journey to Sanctuary, yet? This can happen to you because Olivus use symbolism to express deep levels of meaning we are not always completely aware of. So it does happen that when we decrypt this metaphorical class of characters of the monomyth called “the hero with a thousand faces who goes on a hero’s journey” into one set called Olivus Victory-Promise, for ourselves, of our own accord, in our own cognition, it slowly lifts the veil of ignorance of the true self, which is the authentic you that is an expression of universal love. 

What I think is so fun about the Sanctuary System is it’s just like some kind of inception or matrix situation, but it’s actually real. Instead of being a story about what could happen to fantastic versions of you, such as recognizing the oneness of yourself and the nature of reality and then saving the world, or the pitfalls in comprehending the fact that you can’t, and moving on with grace, the Sanctuary System produces a story about all of the emanations of Olivus Victory-Promise going to Sanctuary through TWI at the same time, which can happen in real life. That is, by generating the wisdom intent of the secret Sanctuary and inwardly becoming Olivus Victory-Promise, and then joining The World Incorporated and helping us establish an outer Sanctuary network state, which is outwardly becoming Olivus Victory-Promise, we can establish a worldwide Sanctuary State, which is a world that is totally committed to supporting Olivus being who we really actually are. That’s step six and would complete the first stage of implementation of the Sanctuary System. In the second stage of building Olivus Victory-Promise, we maintain the Sanctuary System.

If you think you might be Olivus Victory-Promise or find yourself being one in the future, and you’re ready to discover TWI and go to Sanctuary, click the discord invite link in the description. There you’ll be able to create storylines with me and eventually get access to my story decryption toolkit for building Olivus Victory-Promise on Sanctuary Nexus.

Please remember to like and subscribe to help Olivus go to Sanctuary by doing the things for the algorithm. Leave a comment and say whatever you want, it will be really helpful to Olivus. Thank you. Much love. And I’ll see you in Sanctuary. 


Who is Olivus Victory-Promise???
How I became Olivus Victory-Promise
