What is TWI???
How does TWI build the Sanctuary Nexus???
Outer TWI Routine
Body
Sanctuary Body Wellness System
TWI work routine
Speech
Sanctuary Story System
Mind
Sanctuary Mental Wellness System
Cultivation of healthy relationships with others
Cultivation of healthy relationships to knowledge
Cultivation of healthy relationships to self
Sanctuary Overall Wellness System
Cultivation of knowledge of TWI
How does Sanctuary Nexus build the Sanctuary World State???






In this video, we’ll go over the evolution of the theory of the hero’s journey as I understand it

In this video, we’ll go over Joseph Campbell’s theory of the hero’s journey as well as auxiliary storytelling methodologies for storytelling with Campbell’s theory. Then we’ll go over my current theory.

At its most simplistic, the hero’s journey is any metaphorical version of someone venturing forth from a wasteland, overcoming the unknown, and bringing the knowledge back to the wasteland to convert it to a sanctuary, a home for everyone. 

1


PTYA: Ask for feedback on how it felt and also how it could feel better

Video title: 

THIS IS THE STORY I CAN’T GET OUT OF MY HEAD

Audio Preview/Hook:
Hey! Have you ever heard something that you just couldn’t get out of your head after? Do you STILL think about it? You won’t believe THIS. Once I heard this story’s setup, it started writing itself in my head and hasn’t ever stopped! 

Script:

(MUSIC: LOST IN MIND - NOTHANKS)

Hey I’m Isaac Wostrel-Rubin, 
I'm an artist exploring the intersection of reality, mental health, technology, and storytelling. 

For this project I’m breaking down all of the arcs of my life into story threads so I can map them with AI tools to build a platform where Olivus can write our life stories and see how we interrelate. I’ll make a prototype by telling my story, and once it works, I’ll open it up so anyone can join. This project is called Sanctuary Nexus. 

I’m excited to see what happens and if you leave a comment on this video, I’ll reply. 

So, are you ready to hear the story I can’t get out of my head?

Let’s start with a quick rundown of the hero’s journey. 

The short version is any symbolic expression of the following: 

An ordinary person ventures forth from a wasteland of some form of self-torture, undergoes a trial where they overcome their fear of the unknown and then uses that fearlessness back in the wasteland to confront the unknown. They confront their greatest fear and discover the knowledge of the way to end that self-torture. They then learn how to express that knowledge to other ordinary people with the same fear, who then perceive that person telling them the knowledge as a hero. Then other ordinary people use the hero’s knowledge to overcome the limitations of the previous status quo worldview. With that, the wasteland transforms into a Sanctuary.

Who is that someone, the hero? We all know it represents us. 
But What does that representation say about who we are, fundamentally? 
Does it mean we just always assume we’re the main character? 
That seems shallow.

My first hypothesis about the Hero’s Journey in real life, is that 
one 
of the hero’s epithets
is 
Olivus Victory-Promise from Sanctuary. 

My second hypothesis about the Hero’s Journey in real life is that
By hearing about how I’m writing this story of Olivus Victory-Promise from Sanctuary by recognizing myself as Olivus Victory-Promise in the Wasteland and going to Sanctuary, you’ll know why this is the story I can’t get out of my head. 

If those hypotheses are correct, what will follow this video is the reality of how Olivus Victory-Promise recognizes themselves, goes to Sanctuary and overcomes self-torture in the Wasteland status quo to establish themselves in Sanctuary.  

