Hearing the true name of the hero, Olivus Victory-Promise, instantly absorbs the subconscious in the Dreamlights Story Universe. Once we’re in it, we can’t get out. I hope that’s okay with you, because if not you’re sending yourself back to the self-torturous wasteland empire of ignorance. Either way, just remember, no matter what: Olivus victory-promise is here for you in Sanctuary.

This is something like what’s so fun in movies like inception and the matrix, but it’s actually real. Instead of being a story about what could happen to fantastic versions of you, such as saving the world or learning to deal with the fact that you can’t, this is a story about Olivus Victory-Promise going to Sanctuary through TWI. That is, by generating the wisdom intent, joining The World Incorporated, and discovering the wisdom of identitylessness and timeless webbed infinitude of perfection.

In other words, the true name of the hero’s journey is something like: How I discovered infinite love in Sanctuary by accepting myself as being Olivus Victory-Promise, a Wisdom Maverick, child of the primordial parents, Oliver Powers and Olive R Love.

If you think you might be Olivus Victory-Promise, and you’re ready to discover TWI, click the discord invite link in the description. There you’ll be able to create storylines with me and eventually get access to my story decryption toolkit for building Sanctuary Nexus.

Please remember to like and subscribe to help Olivus go to Sanctuary by doing the things for the algorithm. Leave a comment and say whatever you want, it will be really helpful to me in expressing myself. Thank you. Much love. And I’ll see you in Sanctuary.



6
Hey I’m Isaac, co-founder of TWI, a startup making AI alignment tech called the Sanctuary System. This channel is about building Olivus Victory-Promise, our MVP, which starts with me breaking down my life into character arcs and mapping them to hero’s journeys or tragedies in order to test whether we’re building Olivus Victory-Promise in the right direction or need to pivot.

The reason why it starts with me breaking my life into character arcs is because in order for other people to become Olivus Victory-Promise, they need to know how the story goes, and then map their lives to the symbolism.

So I’ll be breaking down my whole life into storylines and making AIs to help me accomplish this. If successful, I’ll also be releasing them to the public so everyone can investigate their own storylines, too.

This video is the quiet announcement of our plans — hi we are here, come and see for yourself — so it’s also like a prologue to the story of how I discovered the true name of the story we've all been trying to tell ourselves, where I recognized my life in the wasteland empire of ignorance as a self-torturous nightmare and woke up to the possibility of an infinitely perfect Sanctuary of love as Olivus Victory-Promise. This story isn’t just mine, however, because then I wouldn’t be Olivus Victory-Promise. That’s why this TWI project is called Sanctuary Nexus.

If we are already going in the right direction building Olivus Victory-Promise, some of you might recognize yourselves as heroic individuals named Olivus Victory-Promise. Olivus Victory-Promise has the super power of instant emanation, and can become anyone at all, at any time, in order to band together to change the world through aspiring towards authenticity and love. Doing so in order to establish an era of rapid progress for building Olivus Victory-Promise, by going to Sanctuary through falling in love with the world while discovering our true selves establishes the foundation of the Sanctuary State.

At its most simplistic, the hero’s journey is any metaphorical version of the following. Someone ventures forth from a wasteland, overcomes the unknown by recognizing their true self, and brings the knowledge back to the wasteland to convert it to a sanctuary, a home for everyone.

