I think American High fits right in. Besides that, it’s the kind of project I would want to work with, the kind of applications I think are necessary. My AI personas can be used to help educate workers, help artists build intuition, and help filmmakers evolve. I have full confidence we can build something amazing. 

Imagine this:

A Rolling Loud-type Workflow GigaFactory: makes all the parts for the Model-S that is the Rolling Loud-genre of film. That means, it can make an event based family comedy. How? By going piece by piece through your workflow, using AI personas in an Agent System designed with OPERA. The first stop here is, in my opinion, STC Beat Sheet personas, beat-by-beat. If that goes well, we would finish the Rolling Loud OPERA project. We would have developed a workflow for converting film workflows into OPERA systems. An OPERA GigaFactory factory for making Film GigaFactories with OPERA. At that point, you and I could start a “Film OPERAtics” company where you can bring in clients, and I can run their workflows through the system. At that point, I can easily hire people to do this work, since I will have created all the SOPs for it by doing the first run with you, and encapsulated those inside personas as well.

If that goes well, we could move to doing American High – personas for everything done and learned there. That creates “American High AI Film School”. 

If you buy STC, we can also make “STC AI” (and even a much more powerful version that includes my “Unified Graph of Screenwriting-Everything”). A complete worksuite to go from Opening Image to Final Image, from outline to treatment to scriptment to script, and potentially including many other tools we can make using other AI systems like text-to-image, text-to-video, text-to-speech, and text-to-audio. 


Proposal: 

The proposal still stands as it was before for the MidJourney function machine, $5k to initiate and $20k on completion, but I think it is a much better idea to go for a JG-style STC beat sheet machine to start, since that is the first part of the Rolling Loud workflow. This would be a set of personas that a user would have sequential conversations with in order to create 1 part of the STC beat sheet at each step until it is done (using a workflow that encapsulates the intuitions you inputted in  the RL thread to make the AI react the way it did, so that you could continue with the AI). It’s a little bit complex but what it comes down to is making it such that the AI is actually requesting the user to answer similarly to how you did, but with their own ideas at each step. It’s essentially templating your work. I have not done it before, so I’m not sure exactly how it will go, and that is the reason I’m offering to do it for this price and with this deal. 

My guarantees:

1) You will get a working system that produces a STC beat sheet in collaboration with the user, but I cannot guarantee what the required skill-level of the user needs to be. Surely, it will be useful for you to have a streamlined workflow, but the degree to which this will become an amateur-operable product that produces professional quality work is not known until we make it. Of course, the idea is to make it amateur-operable, but at the same time, it will never be any less amateur-operable than STC is, itself. And STC is very amateur-operable, in terms of making an amateur-level screenplay, so that will still be the case. I think it’s safe to say I can guarantee that anyone will be able to write an STC beat sheet that works with this system, but I can’t guarantee outcome quality for amateurs. You are not an amatuer, so this doesn’t matter in terms of what you make with it. 

2) You will get a working system that outputs ideas that are much more tightly bound by your own style and intuition. This is achieved by sifting through your data. I will extract the boundary properties from your work and make them defined inside the personas.

3) I will complete this on the fastest timeline available. I will dedicate 40 hours per week until completion. I will update you each week.

Terms:
