In order for something to connect to the zeitgeist, it has to literally connect to the zeitgeist which means that whatever you’re talking about needs to connect to some thing applicable inside of every single persons mind so for instance, the heroes journey is follow your bliss, and this is what myths are about so the heroes journey is, this is what myths are about the result is follow your bliss And everybody knows about myths, so that’s why it’s in the main Plex, but not everybody knows about the heroes journey because it’s not in the main Plex. It’s just one of the types of funnels you could go down so we could target people who have already gone down that funnel or we could target people who haven’t gone down that funnel and we can provide them that funnel, and that is just the first step in the larger thing The larger thing being the sanctuary system

HJ: You’re on it whether you know it or not. You are the hero. Nobody else is coming. You are OVP on a Journey to transform your Wastelands into Sanctuaries. It’s an infinite game of telling an infinite story that constructs its own instructions for navigating the environment and recording a map that others can use to go the same way you went. In other words it helps you innovate a product that people find valuable. It is not only a way to see what’s happening, but in a certain sense, it really is what is happening.

Skool: SESAP - like contracts
The reason to use skool is to share techniques that help people overcome obstacles and become Heroes who discover their own unique abilities to change the world around them into the dreams they want.





You put in your money

X amount per month, with gas for a token if you want. Allows you to fork the EmpoweredVictoryPromise into a DET. A DET is something you hold that allows you to create a new version of EVP that is sourced by your DET. Your DETs lifetime on Victory-Everything Blockchain is reliant on it remaining aligned with SANC through our chaining (entity linking via chain construction) algorithm, SANCREVTWILITELANGMAP.





Messaging:

1) It’s valuable because it’s a way to make money where everyone wins
2) It’s even more valuable because it does so by establishing niches of circular gifting economies
3) it’s even more valuable because it does this without ever making it unfair, because the work people have to do is baked in: they have to invite people. For every two customers they invite who sub to the service, they make 40% of what that person puts in. They can only offer subscriptions at the price they pay monthly.



im saying the business model is to give out free content educating about the hj and how to apply it to your life and then also run a community where people pay $20+/mo to receive support and accoutnability services about how to apply the heros journey irl. they can be affiliates at arbitrary tiers of potential they set themselves, bc they believe in their heros journey to sell it, not to run a company where i hire people on the pretense they need to meet a quota to get paid. crucially, the system is a self-replicating vision for changing the world: tranfsorming status quowastelands into sanctuaries of brought back elixir.

the point is that we allow it to niche and scale itself. anyone who successfully applies the frmaeowkr (sanctuary system) to their life becomes the real hero of their own journey, and can fork the system, write their own archetypal progenitor narrative universe where other people can then go and learn their version of the framework. they then switch to a license model that has a yearly % based deal. all the transactions flow through me, their entier business is templated bc it also gets procreated from my funnel, and then they can change it from there





“””
im saying the concept is the thing being sold
[
2:14 PM
]
it's not fully fleshed out yet lol sry

Grego
—
Today at 2:14 PM
it's okay, so this is entirely a business idea at the moment

OVP_i
—
Today at 2:14 PM
but the idea is to sell a vision of the future then let people build a company about the way they sell that
[
2:15 PM
]
