Why the Hero’s Journey?


Here's how the Hero's Journey can be understood in the context of the Sanctuary System and the meta journey:
1 The various stages of the Hero's Journey, such as the call to adventure, the road of trials, and the return with the elixir, can be seen as allegorical representations of the challenges and transformations we encounter on our own life journeys.
2 The Hero's Journey can be used as a map for navigating the landscape of consciousness, with its highs and lows, challenges and triumphs, mirroring the wastelands and sanctuaries discussed in the sixth video idea.
3 Just as the hero in the archetypal story undergoes profound transformation, we too can use the Hero's Journey framework to understand and facilitate our own personal and spiritual growth.
4 The Hero's Journey can be seen as a microcosm of the larger meta journey of life, death, and rebirth. Each stage of the Hero's Journey can be understood as reflecting a stage in the larger cycle of existence.
5 By understanding the Hero's Journey and its connection to the Sanctuary System, individuals can gain valuable insights into their own life experiences and find guidance for navigating challenges and achieving personal and spiritual growth.

The Map To Your Mind Is The Hero’s Journey

Types of obstacles in daily life map RELATIVELY to the hero’s journey. What does that mean?
It means that for every type of situation, there is a stage of the hero’s journey that it will map to, in relation to the dream outcome of the situation and what type of obstacle this is in relation to the total journey
Before we start we should address MAIN CHARACTER SYNDROME
This is the idea that someone always thinks they are the MAIN CHARACTER in every situation they are in. That is not the way the Hero’s Journey works. They are different things. What’s being talked about in MAIN CHARACTER SYNDROME is a type of behavior, and the point of the Hero’s Journey is how to go from being just a character in lots of stories that are going on, to becoming your own main character INSIDE OF AN ARC where that makes sense because that’s a MODE of how you fit in the world. What I’m saying is that in the hero’s journey, the main character, the hero, IS NOT THE MAIN CHARACTER OF THE STORYWORLD at the beginning of the story. They aren’t even the main character until THE RESOLUTION, when they bring the elixir back and everyone finds out. Even then, they’re just accepted INTO society. That is just another story of another instance of a regular person coming-of-age, or empowerment, or romance, or saving the world or whatever it may be.
Types of total journeys
There are two types
Types where you already know how to do the journey and so it’s easy to map it
Types where you don’t already know how to do the journey and nobody is going to map it for you, so you have to try to do it yourself (and hopefully with the help of other peoples’ maps)
The hero’s journey DOES map to your life but it doesnt map to your entire life in a clear way until you are dead
So until then you can only apply it to different accomplishments you are trying to navigate towards, journeys you are trying to go on and complete
At any point in any journey, you can map it and get a read on where you think you are
This is not a guaranteed mapping
But because you are doing it and because the Hero’s Journey DOES fit the archetype of knowledge discovery journeys, you will actually DISCOVER what you are searching for, as long as you keep looking and keep trying to map it, and it exists, and you’re going the right way
How do you tell you’re going the right way? 
Heroes have mentors. 
People who already did some version of the journey that make it obvious to the hero that it IS possible, even if they’re the only one who thinks so
Sometimes these mentors are true mentors and sometimes they are false mentors
True Mentors: mentors who actually did achieve the same goal the hero is trying to achieve and help the hero via an example relationship that provides the correct external story
This relies on another character to provide a different worldview than the hero originally has, so that they are opening up over the course of the story
