They usually are resistant whether consciously or not to the catalyst worldview, so this is called the DIRECT catalyst worldview
False Mentors: False Mentors ultimately turn out NOT to have achieved the same goal as the hero, whether it seemed like it or not
But they still help the hero by providing a wrong perspective
The hero has no resistance to this because their own flaw matches the mentor’s flaw and so the mentor here creates an INDIRECT type of catalyst worldview
Additionally, there has to be a character that is involved in another aspect of the hero’s life, their internal arc where they discover how their mentor/mentee relationship relates to the problem plaguing their society, and THE DIRECTION OF THE SOLUTION, but not the ACTUAL SOLUTION
THE ACTUAL SOLUTION: is discovered by the hero AFTER they attempt to the general public (or its representation in the storyworld, which could be an institution or a power figure) to present the solution they came up with based on their naive relationship with the B story character. 
The reason it’s discovered AFTER this is because they first have to fail in order to realize WHAT ABOUT THEM, SPECIFICALLY is UNIQUE inside the capsule of their WORLD and how the SOCIETY ITSELF is growing and what role they COULD play in it.
Then, only AFTER they have FAILED to do it themselves the way they THOUGHT it was going to be, CAN they realize the power of SOCIETY and working together to DISCOVER what they can MAKE out of the situation, which is what this is really about, and that’s when the HERO goes to GATHER THEIR ALLIES
The ALLIES agree to join the team, and bring their own FLAIR, and that is what actually causes the transformation, because on the way to fight the big bad, there are lots of minor obstacles that the Hero would be overwhelmed by if they had to deal with all of them on their own. So,  they must rely on others, on the work of others, and on the potential of others. They have to believe in the people they want to help, and those people have to believe in them. 
Not only that but also the hero has to EARN that respect, that position, by coming to understand the worldview that the hero is the absolute proof of concept for. The hero’s story in the storyworld, their journey, IS THE MISSING LINK that REIFIES the entire NEW WAY OF SEEING THE PROBLEM that allows the society to OVERCOME IT, and this is PROVEN by the ALLIES.
How? The fact that the ALLIES can finally GET WHAT THE HERO HAS BEEN INTUITING ALL ALONG and BECOME IT, themselves, without giving up their STATUS QUO IDENTITIES, is the point
At this exact stage, the ALLIES are given a CALL TO ADVENTURE by the Hero, and it is clear to them that the hero can’t do it alone and IS ONLY A HERO if the others join them, and it is clear that if they join, they can be HEROES as WELL.
They go and conquer the big bad TOGETHER
It’s important to note that this can be configured in all kinds of ways. It is NOT a linear process, necessarily. The fact is: whatever way you construct it, when we look at it again from an audience point of view, we just have to be able to map it back to the Hero’s Journey, but you can actually move these beats around inside the stages as you plan, because every stage has all the stages inside of it, every stage is a minor hero’s journey so-to-speak, and so is every sequence and scene, etc. 
In that sense you can scope out whatever length of journey you want and see if you can detect a hero’s journey you’re involved in there and which stage it could be at. Just be careful because you can overshoot it if you haven’t been through the midpoint yet, because until you go through it it’s really unclear what we’re even doing, since we’re just in Act 2 part 1. I’ll get into that in the video on Act 2 part 1.
This is really important

 Why People Get Lost In Act 2 Of The Hero’s Journey
