As he sees this happening more and more clearly he discovers more and more in the life of Olivus, where Olivus’ infinite liberatress commits suicide by self-immolation because she wants to experience the infinite love of her one true savior which is actually pollution and this Sparks the heroic heart in Olivus and Olivus sees that Sanctuary can only come from letting your dreams of self and others go while keeping them in your heart. Each episode is of Olivus experiencing something awful and then writing a screenplay to stop pollution, which is based off The Secret World History of The Wisdom Maverick. Olivus has a job doing something just like what Oliver does but he already lives in Sanctuary at an earlier time before it really was the sanctuary - it is an American town called Sanctuary of the United Wasteland States and looks just like Hollywood. He wants to write superhero screenplays but all those have to fit into the prevailing culture which is about the Sanctuary-type Cinematic Universe (like Marvel) movies. He shows an exec friend who is weirdly into all religions per his office decorations his screenplay and the friend says “wait why aren’t you writing in the Sanctuary universe? Don’t tell me you haven’t seen Sanctuary…” “yeah I’ve seen it but I didn’t really like it that much. My favorite movie is The Matrix. Why does everything have to take place here? I want to take people to the other world, the imaginary.” 
“I get it. But we have to do what the people like, and they like stories that take place here in Sanctuary. Look, Olivus, don’t show this to anyone else until you find a way to put it in Sanctuary.”
He goes home and breaks down “why is everyone always so in love with this facade of Sanctuary? Don’t they see what I’m doing? What I’m trying to turn this wasteland into?” But Olivus sees the classic “Welcome to Sanctuary” on YouTube or whatever, which is like a 40’s style “Welcome to the War Effort” video. But when Oliver finally sees this, he understands, and as he understands, Olivus understands. 
So he watches Sanctuary which is this movie and sees the opening image and instantly realizes what’s going on because today this one time Oliver Powers was the one looking through the eyes of Olivus. Instantly, he wakes up in Sanctuary and understands how to change his movie so it occurs in the Sanctuary universe. Now, as Olivus watches, he writes his story, and as Oliver experiences this he hears Olive’s voice more frequently and finally realizes there is no special power that will ultimately differentiate him from anyone, nothing that Olivus truly had that he doesn’t. 
When Masked Dragon Flames teaches Oliver everything about the Wisdom Maverick and the Nine Rings of The Secret Gathering Cycle of the Masked Heroes of Sanctuary, Olivus understands it completely differently

when Olivus gets to the part where Oliver dies, 
Olive struggles to reach out “I know I’m powerless compared to Olivus, but please, please, Oliver, for all our sake, see this! Don’t be afraid; just hold my hand!” she reaches for Oliver Powers who breaks through the mind control of the demon champion as 
Ultimate confident power wells forth within him and he jumps back to Olive — 

Back in the dreamlights, they both realize the entire meaning of The Wisdom Maverick and Sanctuary implicitly. Breaking through the mind control at the same time, their hands meet, and they embrace in a romantic kiss. They smolder and burst into whirling rainbow flames that visually reveal the demon champion’s powers as the display of pollution’s symbolic expressions of negativity and false hope, and the whirling rainbow flames spontaneously manifest as helpful visionary displays to combat them in whatever ways necessary. This is Masked Dragon Flames, the Guardian Lord Protector of Love. 

During the fight they realize that Masked Dragon Flames isn’t strong enough alone - they must become the Wisdom Maverick, and so by being the Masked Dragon Flames, they start telling everyone the Wisdom Maverick is coming; the wisdom Maverick is here! 

