Oliver visits Masked Dragon Flames who tells him he can keep him safe but he will have to remove his implant and use his inner fire to burn away his own inner demons and reveal the inexpressible rainbow dreamlights of the wisdom inside, which he sees as the secret Sanctuary of the garden of verdant overgrowth of the Jeweled Fruits of the Heroic Seeds of the Divine Tree of Olivus. 

The demon champion emanations come for Oliver and Masked Dragon Flames sacrificed himself to protect Oliver’s location. Champion of Greed sees the opportunity to assassinate the First Lady in the form of a demonic Wasteland uprising and takes it but is stopped at the last moment by Olive’s Father, who dies. Olive is thrust into a battle with the Champion of Greed but is defeated and her first loss is from demonic power, but she is rescued by her Mother who sacrifices herself. The Masked Heroes of the Secret Gathering arrive and the demon champions retreat. Olive is shattered. 

Oliver begins to learn the history of the ancient lineage of the Secret Gathering Cycle of The Wisdom Maverick in Sanctuary by visiting various apparitions of ancient and past cultures through Masked Dragon Flames’s visionary teachings. 

A new President who is an emanation of the Demon Champions comes to power in the line of succession and conflict escalates as threats are made towards another World Ship perceived as the attackers. Olive is sworn to protect the new President. 

The pollution of the Demon Champions begins to spread like wildfire and war seems imminent. 

Oliver realizes his true song as Oliver Powers and returns with the Ennead Plan for Sanctuary which is about stopping the spread of outer pollution by thwarting the impending attack that will start the world war. He shows it to the Masked Heroes at the Secret Gathering and they all swear to help and spread the word. Many of them have implants so an army amasses throughout all levels of World Ship 1. 

Oliver creates the Victory Promise and everyone takes it. 

As a result the Demon Champions gather like never before. World Ship 1’s far right demonic agenda is blasted all over World tree news and an even more powerful attack unfolds; Oliver attempts to stop it, Olive notices and rejoins Oliver’s side. But they fail. As a result, the whole world tree population watches as World ship 3 is attacked in its stem and is severed from the Tree. It crashes into the other world ships and leaves only World Ship 1. This destroys the hearts of a huge number of people. The Demon Champions’ coup now completely successful, their worldview the dominant one, having silenced the hope of Sanctuary. The Masked Heroes are devastated and all succumb to the Demon Champions. 

Olive and Oliver storm the castle to confront the Demon Champions’ final emanation, on a bet Olive places that the new secret service wouldn’t have changed the protocol yet. They are confronted by the newer versions of Olive’s family business (their competitors), who are all strong demons. They fight their way through by tracing the President’s emergency escape plan and a finale battle ensues in the open as the cut off the possibility of escape. 

Oliver is pierced by the Demon Champions’ blades too many times and falls deep into a self-torturous nightmare, abandoning his heroic heart. 

In his nightmare, he is Olivus in the Wasteland and learns about the final keys of the True History of Sanctuary, from experiencing the life of Olivus’ realization. 

Olive is the only one left fighting and she fights valiantly; 

Oliver has break through visions as the mind control hits Olive and he watches her succumbing to pollution, trying her absolute hardest to keep the victory promise as she’s the only one left to fight. 

