And everyone starts whispering it to each other and getting louder and louder and then suddenly more and more people start bursting into rainbow flames and contributing to neutralizing the demonic black fire. 

Everyone awakens and the demon champion tries one last time with all its might to preserve itself and then is slain once and for all. The Empire of Ignorance is fully conquered.

The Wasteland is now fully revealed to have been the same as Sanctuary all along. 

Under the new view, politics and life completely change — everyone is happy with their new life in Sanctuary. Rescue missions to save huge portions of the population of the severed world ships are successful and they easily join Sanctuary culture. 

In a new day, a newscast has stories about how many kids burst into rainbow flames each day as the main rite of passage. Sanctuary is truly beautiful. 

Olive has long since died. Oliver visits the Garden of the Divine Tree and the Jeweled Fruit that marks the spot where her memorial grave is and recounts how she burst into rainbow light right there and is the same as the infinite armed liberatress of his own mind. Looking at the preserved remnants of her hair, Oliver sees in its rainbow refractions the liberatress and Olive as if alive in front of him once more and spontaneously combusts, dissolving into rainbow light leaving only hair behind. In the hairs, everything turns to prismatic light and then goes black, but then the reverberations and high hum of “The Wisdom Maverick is coming!” Comes with a tunnel to rainbow light that turns to hairs as Olivus wakes to a new day after having the dreamlights vision of Sanctuary. “Huh. Imagine that.” He says and he writes down a narrator at the end of the story: VO: who is it that wakes up in Sanctuary? Is it me or Oliver Powers? 
The Wisdom Maverick is Coming
;) 
The Wisdom Maverick is here!
— TWI”

And then black with “the wisdom maverick is coming;) the wisdom maverick is here!” 

Olive tells Oliver he sounds like her Mom. 
“What’s wrong with that?” 
“There are some problems that just can’t be solved with love, they need to be solved with brute force: whether that’s thinking about them or fighting(?)” 
“Says who?” 
“Says me, dummy” 
She kisses him. 

Whenever Olive becomes more attracted to Oliver he seems more and more like a blend of the best parts of her parents. As Oliver becomes more attracted to Olive she seems more and more like a blend of the Liberatress and the The Wisdom Maverick and Reality. 

Olivus has parents but his parents are divorced and always fighting: I want this, I don’t want that! And Olivus has to stop them even though he just wants to play with his friends. He stops them and they stop fighting in front of him, for his sake, so he can grow up. Oliver sees this and it collapses the idea that if his parents were around, he wouldn’t be stuck in The Wasteland; he sees Masked Dragon Flames is also his parent, but that the real parents are threefold: the guardians, Masked Dragon Flames, and The Wisdom Maverick. 

As the citizens are mind controlled they degrade into civil war


Olive’s parents: her dad is her teacher and the secret service lineage etc., her mom is a pacifist but her parents are divorced, her mom remarried and is the First Lady and became a Symbol of World Peace. 


Call to Adventure: act 1.1 orients us to the preliminary premises of the adventure (the four thoughts that turn the mind toward dharma)
This takes place in the form of an A/B structure: 
|Ordinary Life at home, Introduction of Special Condition, Ordinary Life at work, introduction of special condition, ordinary life at play, introduction of special condition that contains the call to adventure| 

Opening image
Home
Work
Play 
Herald 
Acceptance/rejection 
Supernatural Aid
Introduces them to the Threshold Crossing, the fun and games they will need to go on, and hint at how difficult the ordeal may be
Meet the team
Cross the Threshold

Allies, enemies, obstacles 
Culminates in belly of the whale 

Ordeal

