One day, the sky serpent raged with fire and breathed unto the Earth. The sky bellowed fire, stars fell from the sky, and the waters rose above the trees and blew through civilization like wind, leaving nothing left. During this time, the earth shook for two weeks. The sun left, water overtook the earth, and the ice bridges were destroyed.  Everyone was separated. Kingdoms were completely obliterated. Atlantis, in the middle of the water, stood no chance. Neither Poseidon nor his people have been seen since. 

Underground, the Yimans began to experience the cycle of inner visions of their own wisdom nature and many of them awakened. A heroic seed’s song welled up inside them all, and they all realized the Teachings. From then, they had to repopulate the Earth. They worked together, linking all of their secret Heart treasure Teachings for the benefit of all life. They entered rapid progress, created vehicles, and dispersed to find and bring Wisdom to the other survivors who wandered all across the globe. 

After the Flood… 

The First Kings

In the beginning, before society, each family had everything they needed (a divine cow), but they didn’t have permanent homes (they wandered underground, longing to be different due to dissatisfaction). Through interactions with the various beneficial and harmful phenomena of the cosmos, Manu begins contemplating order and chaos, and decides to sacrifice whatever he can for a permanent home. In return for his noble intention, sky father gives Manu a gift of soma grown by the earth mother. When Manu drinks it, the soma exposes his Inner Hydra of Not. Overcoming it, Manu realizes the Hydra of Not was preventing the wisdom inherent to his own nature from welling forth. With this newfound wisdom of human nature, he realizes he can sacrifice “himself” for the benefit of others. 

In order to create a society, Manu disseminates the story of the “Primordial Twins” named Manu (Man) and Ymo (Twin) about the search for a permanent home, Ymo’s sacrifice and subsequent journey to paradise in the afterlife. He disseminates it in a selfless way, by changing his name and without telling anyone. Manus starts worshiping the myth and its rituals, claiming The Way of Ymo as the only divine order and justice. Another person named Trito sees Manu worshiping the Primordial Twins. He asks if he can learn, and the man gives him soma and tells him the story of the Primordial Twins. Through the divine soma he is able to understand the meaning of the story, slay the hydra of not. Trito sees the foundation that Manu laid with the myth of the Primordial Twins, and carries on “Ymo’s Tradition of Sacrifice.” 

From this, a society is gathered, the children of Manu. A natural hierarchy of knowledge appears in the Manuan society, in the form of concentric rings of understanding the meaning of Trito, called castes or families. 

Mitra is the name of the future children of Manu to wish for the divine gift of self-sacrifice to well up within them, but like Trito, their heart will be overcome by the Hydra of Not. Mitra must rely on the emanations of Manu/soma/sky father to show them the magical soma so they can gain confidence to defeat the Hydra of Not, and become the Monarch of the Children of Manu, the rightful just and all-good ruler who has sacrificed themself for the continuity of the humanity’s home in the universe. 

Mitra accomplishes apotheosis as Mitra-Varuna - the incarnation of the unification of Justice, Truth, and Good as a type of binding, ie Mitra realizes the meanings of Justice and Goodness and thereby realizes all universal human truth. 

