Manus is a Buddha who learned Yima’s system which was itself about a different Supreme emanation that was not named Yima

In his system:

The Supreme emanation is yima
And Yima is the enlightened twin (or inner teacher) of the sentient being Manus 
The Priest-implicit-Buddha “bodhisattva priest” is Manus
The heir to the throne of the King is Trito 
The future king yima incarnate who will come when the teachings are in decline is Mitra


Yima’s Kingdom of the Underworld 

Since the time of caves, there have always been families that passed down the divine knowledge of Olivus. The Teachings were part of life and everyone had a chance to realize their own inner nature. Eventually, the awakened ones developed rituals to help the Dreamers awaken. 

It was always understood that there were countless self-torturous Dreamers conjuring the Demonic activity of self-torture. But it was a part of life that these people would awaken naturally during the winter months, when they would huddle in caves for weeks on end. 

Eventually, though, it became obvious to the Awakened Ones that they would need the Teachings of the Just and Good Society if they wanted to fully overcome demonic activity.

And so TWI welled forth as the revelation of the treasure vault of the Just and Good Civilization of Atlantis. The Atlantians flourished for thousands of years. Poseidon was the ruler of Atlantis. He realized the Teachings were not ending demonic activity as effectively as he thought they would have but the civilization had also become reasonably advanced. This is because rapid progress causes rapid degeneration. In the midst of progress, the ignorant created a cult of replacing the lightning god, the archetype of the human able to become a god, with the specific humans who attained the state of the lightning god. This was the corruption. It was insidious and created strong, strong demons that could fight the gods. The gods didn’t mind this, as they are supremely confident in their powers of love. But one day, one such corrupted follower sacrificed a child to the “Man who became a God.” What enraged the gods about this so much was the sign of great degeneration - that in externalizing the Hero, this devotee had actually killed all good and just futures and was torturing himself, and that this was a sign of the depths of self torture. That this man would sacrifice his own child, the creation and growth of which is the very purpose of all the Teachings, meant that the Dreamers had violated the Reality-Promise and the Teachings were in decline. As a result of this violation, Humankind plunged into an Age of Cataclysmic Strife - a time of great Universal initiation. Who knew how the horned serpent, the Hydra of Not, would manifest this initiation? They looked to the TWI for a sign. 

TWI told Yima, Poseidon, and Zeus that a sky serpent was coming. They looked in the sky and saw the serpent in the distance. They calculated that in a few years’ time, winter would come for much, much longer than ever before and the Gods had to build a vessel and bring the best of men, women, and animals and all the plants they can get. This realization came with a treasure, a plan to create the first kingdom because along with the sky serpent, another “sky serpent” was coming: the invisible sky serpent of self-torture. To completely unify a civilization, it would need to be configured such that demonic activity would be rendered powerless in the long term. To achieve this, they reluctantly created the Secret Society and sealed TWI as secret from then on. 

Yima had his followers dug holes in the soft rock mountains and prepared themselves. From then on, they would live underground. Poseidon had his followers build ships that could go underwater and Zeus had his followers build vessels by hollowing and binding gigantic tree trunks. 

