They are chatting with Coach and learning about abundant exchange and developing it in their own products and funnels with the Coach that has YOUR BUSINESS PHILOSOPHY inside of it. So they are paying $147 for access to infinite conversations about *alignment* with you, which, on top of being (according to Acquisition.com’s wording on appearances) a $100,000 value, is something they deeply desire and need if they are going to be in your acquisition funnel. 

This is new tech concatenating with a new business model. 

Speaking of concatenation, I also have a secret method to create prompts that perform high level transformation skills. One easy example for me to make was a prompt that performs the CLOSER framework for your followers, on their own ideas. 

Now, imagine they are also able to access the same type of prompts for every transformation loop system that you have, and be walked through it. All that’s left is for them to execute the plan to get it in the market. If they can’t get it to work, they’re misunderstanding the system, so they need more access, so they have to buy more prompts (Dan Kennedy style). 

All of this speeds up the process of lead manufacturing, which transforms into an acquisition engine. 

Speaking of acquisition, if you want to speak more with me about what that might actually look like, here is a snapshot of the future:

Imagine: You show me the biggest framework you actually use, all your thoughts about your highest level skills, and I put it into an AI framework and we partner to make Acquisition.com-framework-aware AI to manufacture the infopreneur level businesses with AI instead of people, enabling a higher order of entrepreneurship that moves much more rapidly, outcompeting your rivals in an entirely new way. 

I really love your ideas. Partially because of what they enable people to do, and partly because I think we align philosophically. 

Here is a link to check out my passion project: SANCTUARY REVOLUTION: THE INFINITE GAME OF THE STORY I CANT GET OUT OF MY HEAD

Again, Hormozi Nation Coach is my gift to you, my offering, my way of saying thanks for everything, even though I’ve never met you. 

Thank you. 

Isaac Wostrel-Rubin

PS: hope you recognize me positioning for abundance, giving away the secrets, and creating goodwill


PROBABLY NEED TO REWRITE SO THAT:
It is a grand slam offer
Uses CLOSER framework, provides a detailed resolution of all major obstacles and overcomes, and then tries to take him into a CONVERT framework style call















