The year before we went to new mexico, i went to a summer camp and started to become a lot less shy. I was really trying to be myself and be who i wanted to be. i t ended up making one of the kids jealous and he attacked me and beat me up in front of everyone and nobody did anything. Then i got to new mexico and by that time i was much more wary of how people are. I was still pretty much like “want to make friends but i know youre probably fucked up but i want to be friends… dont take it out on me” that kind of thing. i so then i show up at school and wer’re all 12-13 and puberty and going crazy and girls like me because im new. Then, the boys hate me so im like not putting two and two together so im thinking “ girls those are my favorite thing!” but then making all the guys hate me. Except, i did have a couple of friends who i thought were really great. One in particular… and (im such an idiot for never confronting him about this) but there was one day where i was waiting after school to be picked up and i was with him and one of his friends who was one of the super cool kids at school. And he said “hey, why do you hang out with Isaac?” while we were just sitting there. And he said “I dont know”. And i dont think anything else was said but it was just like it was enough… so then… we werent friends anymore. And then… the next year i startex to understand more about conformity and signaliing and started to fit in a little bit more because i got lucky and the people in my class were part of a totally different group of people that gave me an opportunity to reinvent myself a little bit and it worked and thwas great. That was another time that i experienced that upward momentum but more on purpose. At the same time, im still playing a lot of games and start playing WoW and hanging out with the kids at school who do that which was interesting because that ended up becoming SUCH a social stigma so it felt like i totally couldnt escape this cycle. The irony of how i got into video games (the abuse) and how people are online “oh you fucking no life loser” and they say that stuff to like 11 year olds because they dont even know and that really fucked me up. I always felt like i knew in the back of my mind that games were never going to be good for me and enever help me, but that was the reason i didnt ever go pro or get famous. I stopped letting it compound over and over whenever it got good, then i got too old to do it and it just became one of the most painful things in my entire life because i'd spent so much time doing it and getting good and having fun with so many friends but again… had to leave them. The best part of games was learning about positive force in your mind and momentum and belief, in your mind about whether or not you can do something and the knowledge required for you to belief something enough to change the programming to execute it. Change the data to write the programs you need to write on the fly in order to execute and do it. I started doing that. And then, i noticed i was starting to be completely in love with this girl who was the brattiest brat you could possibly fucking imagine and she goes on to totally ruin my life. We get together and she fucks my best friend who then destroys my WoW friend group which was the last thing i felt like i had. Nobody said anything and the whole school knew and i didnt until i put it together like a conspiracy theory. That fucked me up really bad.That went on for like 3 years and at the end of high school i was introduced to CTR writing by one teacher who was a former Zen Monk. I also wrote a thesis on utopias using republic and that made me interested in philosophy. Then i found a way to say philosophy related to screenwriting but i definitely didnt even know what telling stories meant at all. Ok so i guess one way to say this is

I write stories about inclusivity and love to prove to myself that their power is real
