 only friend really) but the thing was he was a super angry kid so sometimes he would like hit me and say mean things and stuff. I would also witness his brother saying that mean stuff to him and hitting him and seeing him passing it to me and i knew intuitively thats what he was doing and so it didnt bother me because i just wanted to be friends. So if he did hit me or whatever id be like “ok what else do u like to do”. He showed me computer games and I really liked them because he really liked them and his brother really liked them and he was also allowed to do that with his brother, so my introduction to gaming was that in the context of abusive relationships. I then (i  thought he was the coolest kid ever) when i got home had my parents get me a computer and ended up getting all these games he introduced me to and more eventually. What happened was i was playing these games which was great for me because we lived in the opposite part of town as the other kids in my schol because they were from better off families so we couldnt have playdates because it would take 40 minutes of driving just to meet halfway so other kids werent into it and other parents werent into it. I also didnt have the stuff these kids were used to and that was weird trying to understand why other kids didnt like being at my house, until i started going to their houses but then i didnt understand why our houses were so different. As i get older, all my friends’ families started to collapse…. Anyway, so at this point im like 12 and all the kids are applying to middle school and i dont get in to any schools, which was just like — nobody said much about it to me, which i find a little bit surprising — even though my mom told me privately they had a lot of conversations with the school bc it was a private school and how could this possibly happen that you dont get into any middle schools - its not that competitive, whatever, “were so so sorry”. Then LA public school was about 48th in the US, so they were like “idk how this happened. Sorry” my parents were like “ok should we move or go to a diff school district…” the only options were far away which actually wouldve been great for me because it wouldve been with the asian kids

My mom got promoted and we moved to New Mexico and my dads career temporarily died bc he produced soul plane and there were piracy issues and stuff so it bombed and also was controversial. It basically killed his career. So my dad was really depressed when we got to new mexico. Living there was like this: everything about my life in LA ended because (it felt like to me) i did something wrong and i didnt do what everyone else was doing. Fuck ok this is just going to be really fucking intense… 

Ok so then before we moved to NM, the summer before, i really felt like for the first time in my life (two years  before actually) the school that i went to… had this process called regrouping where they had 7 age groups but only 6 classes so you had to be regrouped. I got regrouped in group 4, i ended up feeling really bad about that because i was with a bunch of kids who had been regrouped who were so fucking cool previously and then i got the idea they were way more mature than i was. They had started to realize stuff about being a person that i didnt know - not copying and so on. So that was interesting to me to be introduced to a lot of cool people who were like “youre not included”. I tried to work through that and I was semi successful, i went to all their birthdays. 

So i got regrouped and i ended up being regrouped with one of the kids who would then be one of my best friends. So, and also, one of my first girlfriends, even though we didnt know that was what was happening that was more or less what it was (but pregirlfriends where you dont touch). I was 9-10 and my parents had accepted they would never ever be on time to pick me up from school so after school ended at 6 and they wouldnt be able to get me by 6 and it felt so bad to be left there with whoever was the aftercare worker. We didnt have cell phones. I didnt understand why love always left me.

