 act in ideal ways. It’s okay but we have to deal with it correctly and that’s not what happened there. It’s not okay to impose on people that they are the Sakyong and need to act ideally but it’s also totally different to say you are Olivus Victory-Promise…

Shambhala collapsed and caused me to feel so fucked up because of the way tantra works and the way that the whole situation at Shambhala worked or didnt work or whatever you want to say about it not working the way it was supposed to. I found a new teacher and did retreat and started feeling pretty good, having good dreams, etc. I ran out of money. I found a new job and a new lineage. (Sherre, Dudjom) I found Dr Kaplan. Got fired. Got a shitty job. Had to quit because my coworker committed fraud on the 2nd day. I was like fuck what do i do now… itold my boss and he didnt respond well so i quit. I got lucky and went to the bay area to work on a TV show and before that met with Dr Kaplan for the first time 1 on 1 and he gave me the 8 auspicious ones and some encouragement about my experiences “yeah kiddo, you got some stuff going on adn you gotta be careful talking about that with others because they mostly dont know what youre talking about, even people who meditate will likely not have experience of what youre talking about to the extent they would be able to talk to you about it” at that point id been meditating for like 6 years and people have meditated way longer than that… 

When i got back from work we started hanging out now and then. He gave me the direct introduction in Dzogchen style and told me to stop doing the practices I was doing previously. That was jarring for me but also was coming from a good place, intending to lighten the burden so i could relax. But it always made me feel uneasy because of “samaya” and “commitments” and which lineage everyone was from and who was authorized to say what about what else. I was never able to talk to his Guru directly so I don’t know much… he showed me a letter but it was pretty nondescript about what he really is supposed to be able to teach. Regardless, i did pretty much everything he ever said. So then I moved to Santa Clarita and I’m working on Bless This Mess and seeing Dr Kaplan more. He gives me troma and vajrakilaya. I write Dunia. Dr Kaplan liked it (said it was brilliant that it had the kilaya stuff in it) but thought it was too intense - would make people feel too much negative emotion… 

Covid hits.

I was not really writing that well. I had a lot of doubt about that stuff and Dr Kaplan and every time he said something it was like “does he really know what hes talking about or is he a crazy old man and to what degree are those actually the same and idk.” Dr Kaplan made me get good at meditation during Covid. In my offtime, i got back into playing WoW which i didnt actually want to do but i wanted to see how i did because i wondered if i could become a streamer. I was excited because i had all the money to buy the gear i needed to play the game maximally, which i never had before… but then i wasnt as good at the game as i was previously and it was really messed up in certain ways… i ended up leaving video games for good. I felt like I really failed, a lot. Like, for the first time I realized that I wouldn’t be able to make anything out of myself this way. That everything I had become was just old and didnt matter to anyone anymore. I had missed the train. I didnt belong in the World of Warcraft anymore because i couldnt compete. It was something that helped me a lot with self-love but in the end became something toxic to me because of how i was doing it, and i couldnt handle that because i wanted it to be not toxic because it made me love myself and i still loved it for that because i couldnt love myself and i just loved my abilities i could see myself as having in that perspective. Why are the things i love, that help me love myself, so poisonous? They give me an opportunity to feel like im good at accomplishing the things that other people think are valuable, but i dont comprehend what im trying to get at there/what that really means i guess? 

