Spring term i met meghan and started to get way more into buddhism. Over the summer i did my first week long retreat and ended up having all kinds of new meditation experiences id never had before to the point the people i describe them to cant recognize them. Im starting to notice some of the lineage wisdom and things and that was really confusing for me at the time. One of the teachers at the retreat told me 1 on 1: “Youre a philosopher. CTR hated philosophy.” “Are you trying to imply that if i ever were to have met my hero, he wouldve hated me, and that this is helpful to say to me while you are a buddhist with a bodhisattva vow because…?” And she didnt care. That really hurt me. Made me feel like hating the lineage, and that made me hate myself. Why did i want to hate something i loved so much? Do I really think… CTR would have hated me? Anyway, she didnt care. She just wanted to sing us milarepa’s songs pretending to give us a transmission about something we couldnt experience because she was projecting so much arrogance. It made another person there want to leave and I helped him overcome his fears and he opened up and reconnected with his wife and son and thanked me for changing his life. He wanted to say something to me publicly so everyone could see how much he loved the lineage now, and he asked the teacher if he could, and she said absolutely not and sang us Milarepa’s “thoughts are just mind’s play.” What a fucking moron. She doesn’t know what play means and she is sitting there thinking everything has to evaporate and you sit in equanimity and that’s what equanimity is. How would you use that kind of equanimity to do anything for anyone except sit in your own hallucinations about helping them? But then again if you dont ever do anything except sit there as an example of the path, then beings can get the transmission. This is really the most basic way to benefit anyone. 
Anyway i was just gonna say if i were to express it it just feels like the universe is telling me, or im telling myself all the time, something like “shut the fuck up, Isaac. You cant possibly have anything positive to say because you dont understand whats going on and you cant ever know whats going on because theres eomsthintg wrong with me and whats wrong is i cant ever know what im trying to know and i cant know what other people are trgint to tell me and it doesnt matter if i find it out because i wouldnt be able to express it and they wouldnte ver know that i knew the thing they thought i could never know so it wouldnt matter because they still wouldnt accept me. Yeah, so I guess i just wont feel love unless i love them? And then it dawns on me, what about self-love? Right, how would you love yourself when it feels like other people dontl ove you at all or when they do love you they actually dont realize theyre torturing themselves. Which we know, theres a transactional element, but there doesnt have to be. 

Where are we? So then i went on my first retreat and did all those things and came back from my first retreat and decided that I was going to become a Buddhist. I got back to LA and found a way to become a Buddhist through auspicious coincidence and met HHST who gave me refuge and bodhisattva vows and an empowerment. Then i had a practice and i could do that – that was great because it was also related to Tara and was wonderful for all those reasons and i could be a buddhist and identify with the notion of this mind that i had developed, this mind of heroism or bodhichitta which is Tara. The will to love. The activity of the willingness applied. Started to meditate and have more experiences at bennington and began dating meghan seriously. Got depressed. Graduated.
Went to Kalachakra.
Got back to LA didnt know what to do but wasnt thinking about it (in terms of like what everyone is doing and how money works etc) i didnt join that bandwagon. I was trying to do my own thing: do buddhism, shambhala, and screenwriting. But instead I basically