 themselves, it started to collapse everything and because i was really committed to it as an ideal (SAY MORE ABOUT COLLAPSE THAT MAKES NO SNSE) started to look for all the things we could possibly do. I was like “ok if someone in history knew how to do this… i cant be the only person who ever really wanted to so there have to be a lot of people who do… so  in my experience those people are like the person who wrote Shambhala book so thatis actually funny if you think about it because buddha, dharma, enlightenment — buddha means awakened one, dharma means the teaching/truth/law, law is the natural laws like of physics and the universe and also being a person and more subtle than that – for how all of that stuff connects. And i was like “right! Of course if you were the person who understood these things you would call the system that! If you understood that stuff and didnt call it that, you really wouldnt have understood it.” So the thing is that after you do that and make the system, everyone else makes it more confusing with translation and forgetting to maek the meaning apparent. But i was still not interested in buddhism ebcause i just like Shambhala and CTR. i didnt understand it as a practice because in the book he only gives meditation instructions for the non meditation aspects through readin the book which is so hilarious because hes so amazing at writing this stuff in so many subtle ways. But i was just like naturally interested in doing stuff the Shambhala way because i naturally recognized windhorse from video games and so i started explaining that to people and they started seeing it. Its like feeling yourself and being in flow because you can see how youre cognizing things. Thats what sup. Windhorse, right? At this point im getting pretty into Shambhala. I go back to visit christina and i apply a lot of the shambhala principles as best i can and im being very open and having loving kindness and compassion for her aand letting her be herself and she had a great time and it evaporated her depression a little bit – being with me again like that and she apologized and started coming around, so i was like “omg this is the cheat codes this is beyond cheat codes, this is like …. You know because i knew i already knew that that was the kind of tool you would need if you wanted to change the world. I recognized it right then. And then everyone i ever showed it to, without giving them a book or whatever, also recognized it, too. That is how i realized that also nobody i gave the book to did realize it on the basis of reading the book so i started to understand that people need to experience it directly. 

So we get back to bennington and christina is being very apprehensive towards me but she wants to hang out a lot just not hook up or get into a relationship. I just continue to be open and accepting and loving towards her and eventually she opened up ato the point where instead of just getting back together or hooking up or whatever, she told me she loved me one day. That was pretty much IT. That was the greatest night of my life. I felt like I’d found everything i always wanted from the entire world all at once because i had transformed and that helped her let herself not self-torture so she could let herself be herself and also transform, so we could love each other instead of hating ourselves. 

So a few weeks later i went back home and she left me.
Which was really terrifying for a lot of reasons but mostly because it triggered this ptsd i had from high school so fucking badly ( actually that startd happening before she left) and it made me feel like something was happening i didnt know about and i was like oh yeah thats crazy though because shes not cheating or wahtever but i was noticing the intuition of the generalizations there and the ignorance of that. 

