Steps: 

Copy this document and read it, highlighting story entities and marking which year each section comes from (and month if you have it or time marking of any kind) 
Put it in total chronological sequence (the story of MY life, not the story of me qua X)
Tag all of the highlighted entities according to its involvement in various “I am” threads (me x NOT ALLOWED) (me x NOT INCLUDED) - do not group the tags (I was not allowed to eat X so i felt excluded from being Y) instead break them up (Not Allowed [to X which is in Y class, which is a subclass of Z]) (Excluded from being Y)
This will be copied into a spreadsheet for import to arrows and Neo4j
In a new document, copy the corpus and arrange it by entity (chronologically abbreviated as me qua X)
Expand on each of the highlighted topics according to how it first entered your experience, and then each time it has evolved as an entity in your experience, until present, in the topic document. 
Break each timeskip and tag it [ME QUA X]
Re-enter topic data into the chronological timeline with all the tags of [me qua X]
Read your entire story in terms of how the hero’s journeys are related
Identify the stages of each overall ideal hero’s journey of Olivus Victory-Everything
Identify hero’s journeys most psychologically relevant to helping you fulfill your role as Olivus Victory-Promise according to the ideal of Olivus Victory-Everything
Create YouTube channel
Post story playlist of HOW I CAME TO LOVE AND BELIEVE IN MYSELF AS Olivus Victory-Promise IN SANCTUARY
All relevant hero’s journeys prior to introduction to Sanctuary System
Hero’s Journey of Sanctuary System
How everything comes together for Olivus Victory-Everything in Sanctuary is truly amazing so no Olivus Victory-Promise can say what exactly their expression is going to be, but they know it’s going to be amazing for them to find out what the Inner Teacher has in store for them
Playlist: My expressions
These are all attempts at making Sanctuary systems. They can be whatever content you like.
I was born in LA

I always liked buddha statues. Thought it was interesting and always felt playful. Lots of characters that represented positive things like love, wisdom, wealth.

When I was a kid, my mom imposed a super strict diet on me (as many parents were in the early 90s but i also had some allergies so my mom was particularly strict about it)

In preschool i wasnt allowed to have treats during other kids’ birthdays. In a sense who cares, but also, it gave me a sense that or made me think that, i wasnt - something about me made it so that I wasnt fully included in the happiness of other people. Literally everyone else… that made me feel really weird. Even to this day my mom is like “the teachers asked us to stop but we… didnt” but then they did. 

That turned into or grew into my acting out on the basis of a couple of things which were feeling like i wasnt spending enough time with my dad (because he was working like 100 hours per week) and also feeling like whenever I wouldnt understand something, it would also trigger that feeling (maybe this is another thing that other people do together that im not… [allowed to do] that i dont do and something that i cant be part of). 

And then my best friend growing up started to find out about sex, which was like “oh this is something that everyone does that i can do. Oh this is like the secret thing everyone is doing that I can be part of - great” 

So im growing up im starting to get in trouble because im learning how to compete but competition is a thing i can be part of where its okay to exclude other people on the basis of their not having the merit - oh yeah okay. So I can compete in certain things? Great. Throughout this time I also had that seizure [it was earlier] where i first had symbolic representation of the cognition of a wisdom maverick. 

And then also one of my friends in childhood in massachusetts, when i would go to visit my grandparents (id be so bored and he was my