 did Buddhism and procrastination. 
Trying to make money but not having a skill and also not thinking about that because i want my skill to be screenwriting but then not being motivated because the money situation is so bad and then playing video games and losing it all blah blah blah

Then summer came around and i did more retreats and had another year of the same stuff. Got the book deal, went to NY, left, moved out of my parents, started TIN Vape. TIN failed. Meghan broke up with me. I got really good at video games and was going to start streaming and then they changed the game and I wasnt as good. Nobody wanted to play. Then Nick came and that was great because he was involved in Film in a way I wasn’t. I started writing and started to get interested in ChatBots because i had these pitches and i was trying to find something to write. I decided to make them into madlibs and have the chatbot spit them out at me. That was really cool. I thought there might also be a way to make the madlib parameters so specific in the context in the library of the sets being pulled up that it all perfectly flows together and tells you the whole story. So i got interested in tech and stuff. I found out about dreamcatcher and that was super awesome. I wonder if you can make one with stories… Then i watched a video on using higher dimensional math to solve problems and I was like “oh I think there is a thing you can do here with stories… You can use that maybe to combine parameters and encode it in a way that preserves what should be combined, then you can filter out noise in the space and only get answer sets. And that was the beginning of what became called Crystal Ball.” 

Around the same time that I had this intuition of Crystal Ball - actually before it - I am trying to write Evgeny Pronounced Jeff … wait i think it was after. After i had that… oh no it was after because it’s all on the same note. So first I had the intuition, i was out of work trying to write EPJ and I had already written it at this point and was rewriting it and it wasnt right and i didnt know different ways it could go or enough about storyforms to morph it correctly. I ended up feeling like what i really wanted was a story that was so connected to what i believed and knew and stuff that I would always know how the story should go - how to keep writing it - because i know what all the parts are for, using the story as an allegory. Out of that i thought “great. I wanna make this story that has all those qualities” and then suddenly it popped into my head: this whole thing I didn’t know what to call or what to call the characters. There were still some parts I didn’t know but I had some of the core traits I needed to unlock the world. I knew that i couldnt write it yet, but that it was what i wanted to write. Then i had the Crystal Ball intuition and that was something that would be really helpful in writing this. Then it also became an integral part of the story. As i was developing that, it became obvious to me that i didnt really know how any of the Crystal Ball stuff worked and it was way too complex for me to try to figure out and so was this other story so I should write something easier to learn screenwriting: Dunia was the idea from that. Then i moved to the new place with Nick, Dene came, and we had the falling out. I wrote 25 pages of Dunia from that emotion. 
Then, Shambhala collapsed. Earlier that year id felt like “time to get back into Shambhala” and i really started getting back into it, but then Shambhala collapsed due to the Sakyong not really acting like a Sakyong. When youre in shambhala people are like “oh what are you, the Sakyong?” Yeah. The sakyong is an ideal. Not a person. But if your title is the Sakyong, you have to be the ideal. You can’t rely on the wizard of oz curtains and so on to make it that way. That’s how people get really hurt, but that’s what was going on in Tibet sometimes, so it did happen… It does happen that sometimes people don’t