This video is a prologue to the story of how I discovered the true name of the story we've all been trying to tell ourselves, where I recognized my life in the wasteland empire of ignorance as a self-torturous nightmare and woke up to the possibility of an infinitely perfect Sanctuary of love as Olivus Victory-Promise in the Dreamlights Story Universe. This story isn’t just mine, however, because then I wouldn’t be called Olivus Victory-Promise. That’s why this TWI project is called Sanctuary Nexus.

In terms of your story as it relates to Sanctuary, this exact moment is the call to adventure. If we are already building Olivus Victory-Promise in the right direction, some of you might recognize yourselves as heroic individuals named Olivus Victory-Promise and answer this call to adventure to join us at TWI. Olivus Victory-Promise has the super power of instant emanation and anyone can engage this super power, at any time, in order to change the world through aspiring towards authenticity and love. Doing so in order to band together and establish an era of rapid progress for building Olivus Victory-Promise, by going to Sanctuary through falling in love with the world while discovering our true selves, establishes the foundation of the Sanctuary Network State.

Ultimately, our goal is to use this channel to create a place where Olivus can express ourselves to ourselves in order to become familiar with who we really are, where this really is, and discover our true selves all completely in private, which is the Sanctuary System. We’re also building network state infrastructure called Sanctuary Nexus with the ability to mask our identities while preserving the symbolism of our stories so we can visualize our stories’ interrelatedness anonymously on a public graph while simultaneously creating an economy of goodwill and aspirations. This can then be leveraged to assemble arrays of people with the same aspirations and skills to accomplish good. Since it all runs on a blockchain, the anonymity can’t be decrypted between bad actors, and they can never connect on chain without revealing themselves. There is a version of social media or even a Metaverse where everything remains anonymous, yet fully meaningful, such that trolls become jokes and destroy themselves by revealing the entirety of who they are symbolically while also trolling you, for instance.

Are you embarking on a journey to Sanctuary, yet? This can happen to you because Olivus use symbolism to express deep levels of meaning we are not always completely aware of. So it does happen that when we decrypt this metaphorical character of the monomyth called “the hero with a thousand faces who goes on a hero’s journey” into one called Olivus Victory-Promise, for ourselves, of our own accord, in our own cognition, it slowly lifts the veil of ignorance of the true self, which is the authentic you that is an expression of universal love.

What I think is so fun about the Sanctuary System is it’s just like my favorite movies: inception and the matrix, but it’s actually real. Instead of being a story about what could happen to fantastic versions of you, such as recognizing the oneness of yourself and the nature of reality and then saving the world, or the pitfalls of the comprehension of the fact that you can’t, and moving on with grace, this is a story about all of the emanations of Olivus Victory-Promise going to Sanctuary through TWI at the same time. That is, by discovering our true selves, generating the wisdom intent, joining The World Incorporated, and discovering the wisdom of identitylessness and timeless webbed infinitude’s infinite perfection, together.

If you think you might be Olivus Victory-Promise, and you’re ready to discover TWI and go to Sanctuary, click the discord invite link in the description. There you’ll be able to create storylines with me and eventually get access to my story decryption toolkit for building Sanctuary Nexus.

