 worldwide Sanctuary State, which is a world that is totally committed to supporting Olivus being who we really actually are.

If you think you might be Olivus Victory-Promise or become one in the future, and you’re ready to discover TWI and go to Sanctuary, click the discord invite link in the description. There you’ll be able to create storylines with me and eventually get access to my story decryption toolkit for building Olivus Victory-Promise on Sanctuary Nexus in order to come online in the infinite game of evolution called Sanctuary.

Please remember to like and subscribe to help Olivus go to Sanctuary by doing the things for the algorithm. Leave a comment and say whatever you want, it will be really helpful to me in expressing myself. Thank you. Much love. And I’ll see you in Sanctuary.
Hey I’m Isaac, co-founder of TWI – we invent systems to enable human progress through self-discovery and love.


Hey I’m Isaac, I’m an inventor entrepreneur making my first AI tools for storytelling.

I’d like to show you my first project: making a toolset for mapping the stories of my life to query them and discover the different story forms involved and how I am changing over time.

I’ll be using AI to help me accomplish this. If successful, I’ll also be releasing them to the public so everyone can investigate their own storylines, and map them to a set of overall story forms we all experience.

I think a platform like that would increase positivity, interconnectedness, and love between all of us, and I’m committed to accomplishing that state together, so I’m just making it. Hopefully some people join me. Ultimately, my goal is to enable a world where Olivus can express ourselves to ourselves in order to become familiar with who we really are and discover our true selves. We can accomplish this on web3 by implementing identity masking while preserving the meanings of our story through symbolism. Then we can visualize the interrelatedness of all of our stories anonymously on a public graph. I call this project Sanctuary Nexus. 

On to the hero’s journey:

At its most simplistic, the hero’s journey is any metaphorical version of someone who isn’t a hero yet venturing forth from a wasteland, overcoming the unknown, and bringing the knowledge back to the wasteland to convert it to a sanctuary, a home for everyone, thus becoming a hero.

Joseph Campbell postulated the name of this hero is “the hero with a thousand faces.” 

I discovered a different name for the hero we all are. A different name that, due to knowing it, can change your whole life, and the world. 
I haven’t been entirely upfront about this video. 

This video is the prologue to the story of how I discovered the true name of the book we are all inside of, the true name of the story we all write constantly… trying to tell ourselves about our hero’s journey… where we overcame the demon champion of myself, recognized our life in the wasteland empire of ignorance as a self-torturous nightmare, and woke up in an infinitely perfect Sanctuary of love as Olivus Victory-Promise. That’s why this project is called Sanctuary Nexus.

If this is starting to sound less about my life, and more about your life, even though it is just about my life, you might be embarking on a journey to Sanctuary. 

Olivus Victory-Promise. Our stories are the same, hence my name, Olivus Victory-Promise, which, like Sanctuary, self-torture, and the Wasteland, have self-evident multi-layered meanings. That’s why this project is called Sanctuary Nexus. It’s for Olivus to realize who we are and go to Sanctuary, together. This is my thesis of the true meaning of the monomyth, the singular knowledge transmission story.




This video is the prologue to the story of how I discovered the true name of the story we are all trying to tell ourselves in my hero’s journey where I overcame the demon champion of myself, recognized my life in the wasteland empire of ignorance as a self-torturous nightmare, and woke up in an infinitely perfect Sanctuary of love as Olivus Victory-Promise. That’s why this project is called Sanctuary Nexus.

