Please remember to like and subscribe to help Olivus go to Sanctuary by doing the things for the algorithm. Leave a comment and say whatever you want, it will be really helpful to me in expressing myself. Thank you. Much love. And I’ll see you in Sanctuary.



8
Hey I’m Isaac, co-founder of TWI, a startup making intelligence alignment tech called the Sanctuary System. This channel is about building Olivus Victory-Promise, our MVP.

In order for TWI to build Olivus Victory-Promise, everyone needs to know how the story goes, and then map their lives to the symbolism. 

At its most simplistic, the hero’s journey is any metaphorical version of the following. The place The Self-Demon lives in is called The Wasteland because it is polluted by a blight that proliferates through self-torture, which is the Self-Demon’s flaw. The people can’t stop torturing themselves so Olivus Victory-Promise ventures forth from a wasteland, overcomes the unknown by recognizing their true self who lives in a mythical land called Sanctuary, that the wasteland can never pollute. They then become Olivus Victory-Everything and bring their piece of the Sanctuary back to the wasteland to convert it to a Sanctuary World.

In order to map our lives to this, I’ll be breaking down my whole life into storylines and making AI tools to help me accomplish this. We’ll also be releasing those tools to the public so everyone can investigate their own storylines, too, and see if they’re aligned with the Sanctuary System. Due to catharsis induction from storytelling, we expect this to have an unbounded reach in terms of its ability to connect us to ourselves and each other.

This video is a prologue to the story of how I discovered the true name of the story we've all been trying to tell ourselves, where I recognized my life in the wasteland empire of ignorance as a self-torturous nightmare and woke up to the possibility of an infinitely perfect Sanctuary of love as Olivus Victory-Promise in the Dreamlights Story Universe. This story isn’t just mine, however, because then I wouldn’t be called Olivus Victory-Promise. That’s why this TWI project is called Sanctuary Nexus.

In terms of your story as it relates to us here at TWI, this exact moment is the call to adventure. If we are already building Olivus Victory-Promise in the right direction, some of you might recognize yourselves and answer this call to adventure to join us at TWI. This is always possible, no matter who you are, because Olivus Victory-Promise has the super power of instant emanation. Anyone can engage this super power, at any time, in order to change the world through aspiring towards authenticity and love. Doing so in order to band together and establish an era of rapid progress for building Olivus Victory-Promise establishes the foundation of the Sanctuary Network State.

Ultimately, our goal is to use this channel to create a place where Olivus can express ourselves to ourselves in order to become familiar with who we really are, where this really is, and discover our true selves all completely in private. Sanctuary Nexus is also intended to function as network state infrastructure, with the ability to mask our identities while preserving the symbolism of our stories, so we can visualize all of our stories’ interrelatedness anonymously, on a public graph, while simultaneously creating an economy of goodwill and aspirations by logging the positive impact of each story to each person, over the course of their lives. This can then be leveraged to assemble arrays of people with the same aspirations and skills to accomplish good. Since it all can run on a blockchain, the anonymity can’t be decrypted between bad actors, and they can never connect on chain without revealing themselves.

