 invent at TWI, but… if by chance this is starting to sound less like a story about my life, and more about yours, you might be starting to understand TWI’s technology and embarking on a journey to Sanctuary. 

In other words, the true name of the hero’s journey we’re all on is something like: 
How I accepted myself as being Olivus Victory-Promise, helped TWI build Sanctuary Nexus, and lived the rest of my life in Sanctuary, where self-torture is minimized and love and happiness are maximized.

If you think you might be Olivus Victory-Promise, click the link in the description to join TWI and get on the waitlist for access to my story decryption toolkit for building Sanctuary Nexus.

Please remember to like and subscribe to help Olivus go to Sanctuary by doing the things for the algorithm. Please leave a comment and tell us what you think, we’ll try to reply to all the comments. Thank you. Much love. And I’ll see you in Sanctuary.



4
Hey I’m Isaac

On this channel I’m going to be breaking down my life into character arcs and mapping them to hero’s journeys or tragedies in order to see if I discovered the true meaning of what Joseph Campbell called the monomyth. If I did, some of you might recognize yourselves as heroes that can change the world. If I didn’t, I’ll become recognized as a tragic fool.

Let’s go.

Here’s an overview of what you can expect to find on this channel as we grow:

First, I’ll be analyzing Joseph Campbell’s theory of the monomyth and showing my current work on expanding it.
Second, I’ll be breaking down my whole life into storylines and making AIs to help me accomplish this. If successful, I’ll also be releasing them to the public so everyone can investigate their own storylines. I’m doing this because I think a platform like that would increase positivity, interconnectedness, and love between all of us, and I’m committed to accomplishing that state together.

At its most simplistic, the hero’s journey is any metaphorical version of the following. Someone ventures forth from a wasteland, overcomes the unknown by recognizing their true self, and brings the knowledge back to the wasteland to convert it to a sanctuary, a home for everyone.

Ultimately, my goal is to use this channel to create a place where Olivus can express ourselves to ourselves in order to become familiar with who we really are and discover our true selves completely in private, while also having the ability to mask our identities while preserving the meanings through symbolism so we can visualize our stories’ interrelatedness anonymously on a public graph. There is a version of social media or even a Metaverse where everything remains anonymous, yet fully meaningful, such that trolls and so on are revealed for what they are, for instance.

This is the prologue to the story of how I discovered the true name of the story we are all trying to tell ourselves in my hero’s journey where I overcame the demon champion of myself, recognized my life in the wasteland empire of ignorance as a self-torturous nightmare, and woke up in an infinitely perfect Sanctuary of love as Olivus Victory-Promise. That’s why this project is called Sanctuary Nexus.

If this is starting to sound less about my life, and more about your life, even though it is just about my life, you might be embarking on a journey to Sanctuary. This is because our minds use symbolism to express meaning. When we decrypt this metaphorical character of the monomyth called “the hero with a thousand faces who goes on a hero’s journey” into an ontological entity called Olivus Victory-Promise, it slowly lifts the veil of ignorance of the true self, which is you that is an expression of universal love.

Hearing the true name of the hero, Olivus Victory-Promise, instantly absorbs the subconscious in the Dreamlights Story Universe. Once we’re in it, we can’t get out. I hope that’s okay with you, because if not you’re sending yourself back to the self-torturous wasteland empire of ignorance. Either way, just remember, no matter what: Olivus victory-promise is here for you in Sanctuary.

