AI tools: 

Chatbot that extracts entities as you make journal entries from your dreams and from your day 
Turns into therapist later 

Night practice: 
Journal entry (auto fills from your calendar and habit trackers and then you fill in some parts of it) 



NOTE: Ok this needs to be like a combination of the original idea and also this one 
Should be clear that it’s way more than I’m letting on but also not too mysterious. Should be playful about how incredible it is, not calling attention to it, but rather just asking people if they think they’re Olivus Victory-Promise yet over and over
Need the just Isaac version and the TWI version, A/B test (THIS IS THE SOLUTION)
Maybe just name video WHO IS OLIVUS VICTORY-PROMISE? And then hint at the name but not say it in the video, but hint at all the things they’re going to do when they start to realize what’s up at TWI headquarters and that because of what it is, there’s a way this all goes: firstly, I love myself being Olivus Victory-Promise in Sanctuary. Maybe talk in terms of user flow??? Only expose Sanctuary system part of Olivus and nothing else

First 30 sec intro hook




Hey I’m Isaac Wostrel-Rubin, co-founder of TWI. We’re a startup building a self-discovery and actualization network for storing aspirations and connecting people through the stories they tell themselves in order to make more good stories happen.

This channel is for building Olivus Victory-Promise, which requires people to find out how the story of Olivus Victory-Promise goes. 

So, what is Olivus Victory-Promise? 
Olivus Victory-Promise is a heroic individual from a secret place called Sanctuary, which is made of love. I am named Olivus Victory-Promise and so are you. This is the story of how we all banded together to minimize self-torture.

Here is an overview of the plan for building Olivus Victory-Promise:

Let’s start with the hero’s journey.
At its most simplistic, the way we see the hero’s journey in the Sanctuary System is any metaphorical version of the following symbolic sequence:

A demon champion named “I”, engaging in self-torture, ventures forth from a wasteland, encounters a dragon or unknown part of themselves called ignorance of self-torture, and overcomes it by recognizing their true self, Olivus Victory-Promise, who lives in a state that is the inner self-expression of a place of universal love called Sanctuary. In this secret Sanctuary, Olivus Victory-Promise gives the demon champion named “I” a gift for defeating the dragon, a mirror where they can see that they are not a demon, but are truly Olivus Victory-Promise, themselves. When they see this, they then undergo an ordeal. Their old habits of proliferating the wasteland through self-torture flare up and can only be overcome by gaining full confidence in being themselves as Olivus Victory-Promise from Sanctuary, the place of love. Then they’re dragged back to the wasteland by their own ignorance. However, this time with the knowledge of their inner gift of authentic self, they use the gift, imbued with the expressive power of secret Sanctuary, to overcome self-torture, fully identify themselves as Olivus Victory-Promise, and heal the wasteland to a Sanctuary World State, making a permanent home for Olivus Victory-Promise that minimizes the self-torture of the wasteland proliferated by the demon champions named “I”. 

So step one is I’ll be breaking down my whole life into storylines according to the Sanctuary System interpretation of the hero’s journey and making AI tools to help me accomplish to see whether or not we are, indeed, Olivus Victory-Promise. For step two, we’ll be releasing those tools to the public so everyone can investigate their own storylines, too. 

