Click the link in the description to sign up for the waitlist for access to my story nexus toolkit for building Sanctuary Nexus.

Please remember to like and subscribe to help Olivus by doing the things for the algorithm and stay tuned for the new releases, it will be really helpful to me in expressing myself. Thank you. Much love.

And I’ll see you in Sanctuary



3
Hey I’m Isaac, I’m an inventor entrepreneur making AI tools for storytelling.

I’d like to show you my first project: breaking down all of the arcs of my life and mapping their events to see if I can discover the different story forms involved. 

Breaking down my whole life into storylines seems like a big task so I’ll be making AI tools to help me accomplish this. If successful, I’ll also be releasing them to the public so everyone can investigate their own storylines, and map them to a set of overall story forms we all experience.

I’m doing this because I think a platform like that would increase positivity, interconnectedness, and love between all of us, and I’m committed to accomplishing that state together. Ultimately, my goal is to enable a world where Olivus can express ourselves to ourselves in order to become familiar with who we really are and discover our true selves. We can implement identity masking while preserving the meanings of our story through symbolism, and then we can visualize the interrelatedness of all of our stories anonymously on a public graph. I call this idea Sanctuary Nexus. 

On to the hero’s journey:

At its most simplistic, the hero’s journey is any metaphorical version of someone venturing forth from a wasteland, overcoming the unknown, and bringing the knowledge back to the wasteland to convert it to a sanctuary, a home for everyone.

Right now is the prologue to the story of how I discovered the true name of the story we are all trying to tell ourselves. Maybe this is something like, the story of how I overcame the demon champion of myself, recognized my life in the wasteland as a self-torturous nightmare, and woke up in an infinitely perfect Sanctuary of love, knowing my true name to be Olivus Victory-Promise. Our stories are the same, hence my name, Olivus Victory-Promise, which, like Sanctuary, self-torture, and the Wasteland, have self-evident multi-layered meanings. That’s why this project is called Sanctuary Nexus. It’s for Olivus to realize who we are and go to Sanctuary, together. This is my thesis of the true meaning of the monomyth, the singular knowledge transmission story.

If you pay attention, you might realize that hearing the true name of the hero, Olivus Victory-Promise, instantly absorbs the subconscious in the Dreamlights Story Universe. Once you’re in it, you can’t get out. Welcome. I hope you like it here, because if not you’re sending yourself back to the self-torturous wasteland empire of ignorance. 

This is something like what we find so fun in movies such as inception and the matrix… except when I write it, it’s actually real and you have no choice but to take the red pill. So instead of being a story about what could happen to fantastic versions of you, like saving the world or learning to deal with the fact that you can’t, this is a story about Olivus Victory-Promise going to Sanctuary through TWI. 

Let me explain this process because it can be a little confusing when you first hear about it:

By generating the wisdom intent, which is altruistic love willing to do the impossible for others, you recognize yourself as Olivus Victory-Promise. By being Olivus Victory-Promise, you have access to working with us at The World Incorporated. We will help you to be part of the team. We want to establish a network state called Sanctuary and change the entire world, together, with love. We do this with the Sanctuary System, which starts by expressing ourselves to ourselves, and recognizing who we are.


Again, this is just a story I wrote about all the totally inconceivable technology Olivus Victory-Promise can