There is a version of social media or even a Metaverse where how we relate remains anonymous if we like, yet fully meaningful and heartfelt in a way we have not yet experienced. In this version of social media, bad actors become obviously seen as demons torturing themselves by symbolically revealing to themselves the entirety of who they are to themselves in their own minds in order to destroy themselves to become Olivus Victory-Promise, join TWI, and go to Sanctuary.

Are you embarking on a journey to Sanctuary, yet? This can happen to you because Olivus use symbolism to express deep levels of meaning we are not always completely aware of. So it does happen that when we decrypt this metaphorical class of characters of the monomyth called “the hero with a thousand faces who goes on a hero’s journey” into one set called Olivus Victory-Promise, for ourselves, of our own accord, in our own cognition, it slowly lifts the veil of ignorance of the true self, which is the authentic you that is an expression of universal love.

What I think is so fun about the Sanctuary System is it’s just like my favorite movies: inception and the matrix, but it’s actually real. Instead of being a story about what could happen to fantastic versions of you, such as recognizing the oneness of yourself and the nature of reality and then saving the world, or the pitfalls of the comprehension of the fact that you can’t, and moving on with grace, Sanctuary produces a story about all of the emanations of Olivus Victory-Promise going to Sanctuary through TWI at the same time, that can happen in real life. That is, by generating the wisdom intent of the secret Sanctuary and inwardly becoming Olivus Victory-Promise, joining The World Incorporated and outwardly becoming Olivus Victory-Promise, we can establish a worldwide Sanctuary State.

If you think you might be Olivus Victory-Promise or become one in the future, and you’re ready to discover TWI and go to Sanctuary, click the discord invite link in the description. There you’ll be able to create storylines with me and eventually get access to my story decryption toolkit for building Sanctuary Nexus.

Please remember to like and subscribe to help Olivus go to Sanctuary by doing the things for the algorithm. Leave a comment and say whatever you want, it will be really helpful to me in expressing myself. Thank you. Much love. And I’ll see you in Sanctuary.



9
Hey I’m Isaac, co-founder of TWI, a startup making intelligence alignment tech called the Sanctuary System. This channel is about building Olivus Victory-Promise, our MVP, and the first stage of the Sanctuary System.

In order for TWI to build Olivus Victory-Promise, everyone needs to know how the story goes, and then map their lives to the symbolism. This starts with me sharing some relatable character arcs from my life and then mapping them to an overall hero’s journeys in order to make apparent the symbolism involved in building Olivus Victory-Promise. That way, we’ll be able to tell by your responses whether or not we are building in the right direction.

At its most simplistic, the hero’s journey is any metaphorical version of the following. Olivus Victory-Promise ventures forth from a wasteland, overcomes the unknown by recognizing their true self who lives in a state that is the inner expression of the mythical land called Sanctuary. They then become Olivus Victory-Everything and bring their piece of the Sanctuary System back to the wasteland to convert it to a Sanctuary World State, a home for Olivus Victory-Promise.

So I’ll be breaking down my whole life into storylines and making AI tools to help me accomplish this. We’ll also be releasing those tools to the public so everyone can investigate their own storylines, too. Due to catharsis induction from storytelling, we expect this to have an unbounded reach in terms of its ability to connect us to ourselves and each other.

