Ultimately, our goal is to use this channel to create a place where Olivus can express ourselves to ourselves in order to become familiar with who we really are and discover our true selves completely in private, while also having the ability to mask our identities while preserving the meanings through symbolism so we can visualize our stories’ interrelatedness anonymously on a public graph. There is a version of social media or even a Metaverse where everything remains anonymous, yet fully meaningful, such that trolls and so on are revealed for what they are, for instance.


If this is starting to sound less about my life, and more about your life, even though it is just about my life, you might be embarking on a journey to Sanctuary. This can happen to you because Olivus use symbolism to express deep levels of meaning we are not always completely aware of. So it does happen that when we decrypt this metaphorical character of the monomyth called “the hero with a thousand faces who goes on a hero’s journey” into an ontological entity called Olivus Victory-Promise for ourselves, of our own accord, in our own cognition, it slowly lifts the veil of ignorance of the true self, which is the authentic you that is an expression of universal love.

The Sanctuary System is something akin to what’s so fun in movies like inception and the matrix, but it’s actually real. Instead of being a story about what could happen to fantastic versions of you, such as recognizing the oneness of yourself and the nature of reality and saving the world, or the pitfalls of the comprehension of the fact that you can’t, this is a story about Olivus Victory-Promise going to Sanctuary through TWI. That is, by discovering our true selves, generating the wisdom intent, joining The World Incorporated, and discovering the wisdom of identitylessness and timeless webbed infinitude of perfection, together.

In other words, the true name of the monomyth is something like: How we beat the infinite game of heroism and established the complete realization of the Sanctuary state by accepting ourselves as being Olivus Victory-Promise, a Wisdom Maverick, child of the primordial parents, Oliver Powers and Olive R Love.

If you think you might be Olivus Victory-Promise, and you’re ready to discover TWI and go to Sanctuary, click the discord invite link in the description. There you’ll be able to create storylines with me and eventually get access to my story decryption toolkit for building Sanctuary Nexus.

Please remember to like and subscribe to help Olivus go to Sanctuary by doing the things for the algorithm. Leave a comment and say whatever you want, it will be really helpful to me in expressing myself. Thank you. Much love. And I’ll see you in Sanctuary.



7
Hey I’m Isaac, co-founder of TWI, a startup making intelligence alignment tech called the Sanctuary System. This channel is about building Olivus Victory-Promise, our MVP, which starts with me breaking down my life into character arcs and mapping them to hero’s journeys or tragedies in order to test whether we’re building Olivus Victory-Promise in the right direction or need to pivot.

The reason why it starts with me breaking my life into character arcs is because in order for other people to become Olivus Victory-Promise, they need to know how the story goes, and then map their lives to the symbolism.

At its most simplistic, the hero’s journey is any metaphorical version of the following. Someone ventures forth from a wasteland, overcomes the unknown by recognizing their true self, and brings the knowledge back to the wasteland to convert it to a sanctuary, a home for everyone.

So I’ll be breaking down my whole life into storylines and making AI tools to help me accomplish this. We’ll also be releasing those tools to the public so everyone can investigate their own storylines, too.

