If this is starting to sound less about my life, and more about your life, even though it is just about my life, you might be embarking on a journey to Sanctuary. This is because our minds use symbolism to express meaning. When we decrypt this metaphorical character of the monomyth called “the hero with a thousand faces who goes on a hero’s journey” into an ontological entity called Olivus Victory-Promise, it slowly lifts the veil of ignorance of the true self, which is the authentic you that is an expression of universal love.

Hearing the true name of the hero, Olivus Victory-Promise, instantly absorbs the subconscious in the Dreamlights Story Universe. Once we’re in it, we can’t get out. I hope that’s okay with you, because if not you’re sending yourself back to the self-torturous wasteland empire of ignorance. Either way, just remember, no matter what: Olivus victory-promise is here for you in Sanctuary.

This is something like what’s so fun in movies like inception and the matrix, but it’s actually real. Instead of being a story about what could happen to fantastic versions of you, such as saving the world or learning to deal with the fact that you can’t, this is a story about Olivus Victory-Promise going to Sanctuary







Hey I’m Isaac, 

Today I'm starting a new project to showcase a different type of social media format I came up with. It starts with writing out my entire life in a document and making AI tools to help me organize it. I’ll be posting the key stories here on my channel, and this will serve as an example of the new type of social media that I hope will only bring people together instead of also torturing all of us while rapidly increasing the complexity of the world around us, which is not ideal. The idea is that the essence of all of our true selves is the same and our individual uniqueness is always special. Some people might not understand this, so let me explain it through what led me here, which was failing to become a Hollywood.

Writing
Failure
Writing chatbot
Idea to write Dreamlights
Hero’s Journey
Failure to understand
Reading books but think I understand and still can’t write because books are based on Joseph Campbell 
Can’t write it
Turn to Buddhism
Meditation
Lineage collapse
TWI
That’s when I started writing a story about something that could actually happen in the future
And I started writing this story about
Nexus
Sanctuary
Olivus Victory-Promise
Read Joseph Campbell 
That’s when I realized that what I was writing was a self-reflexive version of the meaning of the hero’s journey
And then I discovered that HJ literally encoded the same wisdom as Buddhism 
Then I discovered that every religion can be interpreted this way
And then I discovered the way we make world systems and entities 
And that we could make a platform that could connect all of us and take us to Sanctuary
Thinking of a plan
AI started ramping up 
Realization that Nexus will be easier to make 
YouTube
Writing everything out from my life just to know how to present any of this
I don’t think this story is going to work for everyone 
We need yours
Full idea of Nexus to communicate Sanctuary
GoFundMe
And that’s the story of how I overcame the self-torture of wanting to be something I had the wrong idea about and realized I just need to be my true self, which is inseparable from Olivus Victory-Promise. 

You.

Like subscribe discord