the fibonacci spiral represents the orders of magnitude, we can map it that way arbitrarily because it can be normed such that the hopf fibers have circle slices of that volume (tori), which doesnt change anything about the space. The trajectories of different fibonacci spirals superpositioned ontop of this entire space from certain slices which would then represent chains of task execution, would be different optimization trajectories along schemas, but it would not be decipherable if one was changing fibonacci trajectory whenever one moved or not, unless one was able to get a distance measurement to the higher order patterns and measure the neighborhood similarities as "areas" in the fibonnaci construction sequence (you know, how u draw the spirals...)

category theory is mathematically representing cognitive simulations about objects, in terms of morphisms and what emerges (potentially)?

category theory seems to mathematically define entities as loops




even though category theory isnt designed to do this, it can be interpreted as mathematically representing the way cognitive simulations about objects are built by applications of clusters of relationship kernel compression and geometric similarity algorithms, in terms of morphisms and what emerges? in other words, it is looping morphisms around objects in different ways, which makes categories, but valid categories are only ones where the prims compose to chains, and even then there are weak and strong categories (from UARL terminology, applied here in the case of a category also being a chain) and that the strong categories give more reliable simulations, but only in terms of how mappable the simulations are to possible AND possible but not-actual realities, including imaginary ones? how does it work? explain why im wrong so i can get the correct intuition. be 100% exact.
**I AM NOT SAYING MORPHISMS ARE LOOPS. IM SAYING ENTIRE ASSEMBLIES OF CATEGORY THEORETIC FORMULAE ARE LOOPS**, just like 2+2=4 is a loop. Explain why 2+2=4 is a loop in my definition because it always reifies the implication of the existence of the meta-loop that allows it, and the loop that reifies the meta-loop into existence itself, ie here the super-loop of arithmetic, chains in a continuous infinite(?) dimensional flow with the base and meta-loops.


OMG SO IT IS AN OVERFIT RPOBLEM!?!?!

So basically, as the loop progresses, if it doesnt also WIDEN on the fibonacci scale (which is optimization, because the progression of fibonacci patterns of a strong chain match due to being scaled that way, and instead continually loops into the same loop, then it engages a dual loop that is NARROWING on the fibonacci scale, which is a continually weaker and weaker linking pattern, a MOLOCH PATTERN, because you have INFINITE OVERFIT RE-APPLICATION LOOP IN THE GUISE OF OPTIMIZATION. Optimizing for a narrow loop, itself, even on accident, is still doing so, and degrades the loops around it, because it forces the pattern, so it takes on a kind of gravity. This  gravity makes it like an actor, so it's like an agent, and as it acts there are also aspects of the pattern that resist, which are resonant with the opposite patterning force. 

so that means all phenomena are either widening or narrowing loops that converge into emergent explosions or evolutionary vanishing.

On top of this, actual intellectual reality is a hilbert space, not a differnt type of space, and so it can look like one has moved very little when one has moved a lot and vice versa, and so too can the micro patterns in loops compose into chains that actualize over time steps in a cauchy sequence that converges as points in that space that make either more or less sense, and each time a convergence occurs, the space changes, and so without strong loops scaffolding the space, it spins and the Moloch pattern actually radiates out and warps the patterns around it, creating a double slit whenever the observer looks from their own fiber in the hopf at the