whenever there is ONE loop, there are REALLY how many LOOPS COMING TOGETHER TO MAKE THAT ONE LOOP?!!?!
There is the loop referred to as a monad: "The MD -> JSON loop"
There is the dual loop that is highest order: "The MD -> JSON loop and the New Json -> New MD loop that make a dual loop that makes The MD -> JSON loop" (MD -> JSON; New Json -> New MD)
There is the dual loop inside the loops of the highest order dual loop: "The MD priming loop and the Json construction loop and the refinement loop of new json -> new MD loop and the optimization chain bridge of new MD -> LOOP." there is also the resultant feedback loop that contains the optimization chain bridge and the refinement loop. This is a meta-loop, which is part of the reification of the highest order monad, so can we break down every dual-loop into a meta-loop and a base-loop that create a super-loop, which is the highest order monad referent??
**WHAT IS THIS PATTERN!?!?!?!?!?!**
COULD "LOOP" BE A self-reifying self-replicating concept????
Why would there not be a super-loop to some system? Can't we say the biggest super-loop is the super-loop of connecting all loops? I feel like this is getting into incompleteness and set theory and "motion/xenos paradox" but the thing is that this is different because it is happening inside a concept that is much more formalized than "motion" or "set" and so if "loop" had the same problem, it may indicate a fundamental processing error we posses or that we fundamentally align with incompleteness as a feature of processing the environment continually, but that for some reason seems to also double-instantiate the processing error hypothesis, so it seems we have a constructivist hermeneutical issue at the end of the day
but shouldnt it be impossible for all concepts not to loop eventually? isnt that why incompleteness theorems work, A PRIORI? And doesnt that, ITSELF, prove that within any sufficiently complex formal system (like arithmetic), there will always be statements that are true but cannot be proven within that system, like the fact that the "loop" seems to define EVERY SINGLE ASPECT OF ITSELF EXCEPT FOR WHAT IT ACTUALLY IS, which it hides inside this self-referential accordion that just explodes if you ever touch it?
So we just think "that's right" when it loops into other loops that are higher order loops we know about, and we think "that doesnt make sense" when it doesnt loop like that, because it's looping in a container of sense where it doesnt make a higher order loop?


LOOPS REFINE CONCEPTS THEY ARE OF?

LOOPS ARE SUPERSTRUCTURES MADE OF META AND BASE LOOPS. 

The META LOOP is static and the base loop REFINES IT and changes over time, but always within the bounds of the meta loop, but the base loop results may be adjacent to something that, when considered with the entire meta loop and base loop system, reifies a new type of meta loop, which the prior one a prior could never be the same as, and so that is a new system, but it is also a child system, but it is a child of higher order system we didnt know synergized to make a system, so now we have a new system.

THAT MEANS **WE ONLY RECOGNIZE CONCEPTS AS CONCEPTS IF THEY ARE IN THIS SELF-REFINEMENT PATTERN, WHICH REQUIRES US TO APPLY COGNITION**

so then LOOPS arent circles, they are SPIRALS that are only CIRCLES from the dimensionality we are at, ie they are FIBERS in a hopf fibration and they are made such that as you progress through it, it connects to other fibers through higher and higher order loops, represented as the self-similar beauty of the fibration, because without personal preference, it is not possible to classify the fibers as more complex than one another, since complexity in loops requires applied cognition and is related to one's position because one would only engage the loop to engage refinement of one's cognition, which is in the form of reifying some endeavor in the environment

