His smile fades a little, replaced by a thoughtful look. He glances down at his phone, reading the text from Melanie.

INSERT: KEVIN'S PHONE SCREEN

"Just got your text. Heading home. Let's see if you're telling the truth..."

BACK TO:

EXT. FESTIVAL GROUNDS - QUIET AREA - CONTINUOUS

Kevin pockets his phone, looking up at the group with a mix of excitement and apprehension.

KEVIN
(smiling)
Time to hit the road, guys. Melanie's on her way home.

A collective groan ripples through the group, but they all get to their feet. Despite the looming confrontation with Melanie, there's an undeniable buzz of shared adventure still lingering in the air as they prepare to leave the festival.

rewrite the following in FDX: EXT. FESTIVAL GROUNDS - QUIET AREA - LATER The group laughs, settling into the calm after the storm. KEVIN I didn’t mean to be so overbearing. I get that you ran off and didn’t want to be with your dad. ZION I didn’t run off. I came to find you right where you said and your weren’t there. Then I texted you saying I ran into my friends. Is it okay if I hang with you and then I got your text that said “something that was meant for Melanie.” So I thought you didn’t want to mosh with me, because you hated this music so much. KEVIN No....that was meant for your mom... about the movie...I’m sorry. And the musics growing on me. Chad leans back, his voice laced with playful sarcasm. CHAD Remember when you lost Zion at Rolling Loud, nearly burnt the place down, and ended up on stage with Playboi Carti, all after being accused of attempted murder? Not to mention the psychedelic adventure courtesy of those 9/11 pills... Kevin chuckles, shaking his head in disbelief. KEVIN Yeah. That was pretty awesome. ZION What happened? KEVIN Never mind. His smile fades a little, replaced by a thoughtful look. He glances down at his phone, reading the text from Melanie. INSERT: KEVIN'S PHONE SCREEN: "Just got your text. Okay. Heading home. See you in 1/2hr" BACK TO: Kevin looks up at the group, then turns to Zion. KEVIN Time to hit the road. They all fist bump/hug etc... and as they’re taking off, the cute girl grabs Zion and gives him a quick peck on the lips. Everyone’s heart warms as she pushed him away... CUTE GIRL Go! Go! Go! Kevin and Zion race off. Chad and Linda turn to each other and start making out...
ChatGPT
vbnet
Copy code
EXT. FESTIVAL GROUNDS - QUIET AREA - LATER

The group collectively shares the quiet moment, relishing the calm after the night's whirlwind.

KEVIN
(softly, to Zion)
I realize I've been a bit overbearing... and I understand why you wanted some space from your dad.

ZION
(defensive)
Dad, I didn't run off. I came to meet you right where you said... but you weren't there. I even texted you about running into my friends and asked if it was okay to hang...

He trails off, then shakes his head.

ZION (CONT'D)
But then I got your text meant for mom...

Kevin's face falls. It was a misunderstanding... a huge one.

KEVIN
(softly)
Oh, no... that text was meant for your mom. About the movie... I'm sorry, Zion. And about the music... it's actually growing on me.

An unexpected truce falls over the father and son. Their journey tonight has brought them closer. It's then Chad breaks the quiet, grinning wide.

CHAD
(sarcastically)
Remember when you lost Zion, nearly set the festival on fire, ended up performing with Playboi Carti and almost got accused of attempted murder? Oh, and those psychedelic 9/11 pills...

Kevin laughs, shaking his head, caught between disbelief and awe.

KEVIN
(smiling)
Yeah. That was quite a night.

Zion perks up, intrigued.

ZION
Wait, what happened? 

Kevin waves him off, grinning.

KEVIN
Never mind.

Kevin's smile fades as he feels a vibration from his phone. He pulls it out to find a text from Melanie.

INSERT - KEVIN'S PHONE SCREEN

"Just got your text. Okay. Heading home. See you in 1/2hr"

BACK TO SCENE:

Kevin looks up from his phone, a sense of urgency filling his gaze.

KEVIN
(to the group)
We gotta move. Melanie's heading home.

