The following is great: "As Chad finishes his emotional story, Jeremy's phone rings, interrupting their conversation. It's a call from his wife, who's furious and yelling on the other end of the line. Apparently, Zion butt-dialed her, and she heard everything -- including his son's voice saying" -- HOWEVER, FROM HERE FORWARD, ZION SHOULDN'T BE SAYING ANYTHING SPECIFICALLY TO HIS MOM ON THE VOICEMAIL, BECAUSE IT'S A BUTT DIAL. HE SHOULD BE SAYING SOMETHING TO A GIRL THAT WILL GIVE US A CLUE. THE WIFE SHOULD ACCUSE JEREMY OF SCREWING UP, BUT JEREMY COVERS IT ALL BY SAYING THAT EVERYTHINGS FINE AND MAKES SOME WEIRD COVER FOR ZION. Jeremy's heart sinks as he realizes he can't let on that he's lost Zion. He has to play it cool and act like Zion is right there with him. But with the combination of being high, drunk, and scared as hell, it's a difficult task.
ChatGPT
As Chad finishes his emotional story, Jeremy's phone rings, interrupting their conversation. It's a call from his wife, who's furious and yelling on the other end of the line. Apparently, Zion butt-dialed her, and she heard everything -- including his son's voice saying something about meeting up with a girl at the Ferris wheel.
Jeremy's mind races as he tries to come up with a cover story. He tells his wife that Zion is right there with him, and that they're just taking a break from the crowds. He makes up a story about how Zion met a girl at the Ferris wheel, and they decided to go explore the festival together.
His wife is skeptical but buys the story, and Jeremy breathes a sigh of relief. He turns to Chad, who's still giggling uncontrollably, and tells him they need to find the Ferris wheel. They stumble through the crowds, asking anyone and everyone if they've seen a teenage boy with curly hair and a bright red shirt.
Their search leads them to the Ferris wheel, where they see a group of teenagers hanging out. Jeremy charges over to them, demanding to know if they've seen his son. The teenagers just look at him like he's crazy and tell him to back off.
Chad tries to intervene, but he's too high to really be of any help. He starts laughing uncontrollably at everything and nothing, drawing attention to himself and Jeremy.
As they continue their search, Jeremy's anger starts to boil over. He can't believe that Zion would choose to be with strangers over him. He starts yelling at anyone who will listen, accusing them of taking his son or knowing where he is.
Chad, still giggling, tries to calm him down, but it's no use. Jeremy is on a mission, fueled by anger and alcohol.
They end up at a food vendor, where they order a plate of nachos and a giant margarita. They make their way to the main stage, where a headlining act is about to perform. Jeremy scans the crowd, hoping to spot Zion in the sea of faces. But it's no use. He's lost his son, and he doesn't know if he'll ever find him.
As the music starts, Jeremy and Chad stand together, swaying to the beat. For a moment, they forget about their troubles and just enjoy the moment. But as the night wears on, the reality of their situation sets in. They're lost, alone, and desperate to find Zion.

I really like the following but would love some alts to the ferris wheel: "As Chad finishes his emotional story, Jeremy's phone rings, interrupting their conversation. It's a call from his wife, who's furious and yelling on the other end of the line. Apparently, Zion butt-dialed her, and she heard everything -- including his son's voice saying something about meeting up with a girl at the Ferris wheel."
ChatGPT
Here are a few alternative ideas:
"...including his son's voice saying something about meeting up with a group of people at the giant inflatable unicorn."
"...including his son's voice saying something about going to the food truck area to try the world-famous lobster rolls."
"...including his son's voice saying something about sneaking into the VIP section to meet a celebrity."

"...including his son's voice saying something