 jump, Linda jumps, gets caught and is hanging in between pods, Kevin has her arms and Chad has her legs, forming a human chain between the pods, the ferris wheel starts to move again, they brace themselves as they hold on, for dear life. the ferris wheel stops again. They're still pretty high. Linda slips from Chad's grip and now Kevin is forced to pull her up with all of is strength. it's really hard. Chad and the girls are cheering him on from their pod as he pulls her all the way up and into his pod. The ferris wheel starts moving again and then stops again.
ChatGPT
1 / 2
INT. FERRIS WHEEL POD - THE PEAK - CONTINUOUS
Kevin senses the growing tension in the pod.
KEVIN (urgent) We can't stay up here. I'm sure he's down there in that mosh pit!
CHAD I'm with you, buddy. Where you go, I go.
Before Chad can act, Linda leaps first towards a lower pod. Mid-air, she gets caught on something and starts dangling between pods.
Linda's Precarious Situation:
Kevin immediately grabs Linda's arms while Chad grabs onto her legs, forming a human chain between the pods. Their grips are slipping but they hold on.
SUDDENLY, the Ferris wheel HUMS back to life and starts moving. They all brace themselves, holding on for dear life.
The Ferris wheel lurches to a stop again. They're still far from the ground. Linda's hands slip from Chad's grip.
Kevin's Herculean Effort:
Summoning all his strength, Kevin starts pulling Linda up. His muscles strain, his face red with exertion. Chad and the girls in the other pod are yelling, cheering him on.
CHAD (yelling) You got this, Kevin! Pull! Pull!
Finally, with a last surge of energy, Kevin pulls Linda all the way up and into his pod.
Just then, the Ferris wheel creaks back to life, starting its descent before jolting to another abrupt stop.
CHAD (laughing) Well, that's one way to get your adrenaline fix at Rolling Loud!
LINDA (hugging Kevin) Thank you. You saved me.
KEVIN (looking at both) We saved each other. That's what friends do.
As the Ferris wheel starts its descent again, this time smoothly, they all share a moment of relieved smiles, each knowing they'd have a wild story to tell but also, a renewed sense of their unbreakable bond.
FADE OUT.
