Write the following into FDX in the tone of Todd Phillips: As Kevin and Shenseea approach the Playbus, Shenseea whispers to him, "Pretend like you're packing a water gun." Kevin's heart starts racing, but he nods in agreement. He's not sure why Shenseea wants him to do this, but he trusts her. As they near the entrance of the bus, Kevin awkwardly puts his hand in his pocket, mimicking the shape of a gun. Shenseea flashes a smile at the bodyguards, who eye Kevin suspiciously, but then seem to relax as they see his hand in his pocket. The thick haze of smoke and pungent smell of marijuana hit Kevin as they step inside the bus. The interior is dark, with colorful lights flashing and loud music blaring from the speakers. Kevin can barely see through the haze, but he can make out plush velvet seats and ashtrays overflowing with cigarette butts and joints scattered throughout the space. Shenseea leads Kevin through the bus, past a group of rappers smoking blunts and a group of scantily-clad women lounging on the seats. Finally, they reach the back of the bus, where they find Playboi Carti and a small group of people smoking and drinking. Kevin's heart sinks as he realizes that his son isn't there. But Shenseea isn't ready to give up yet. She approaches Playboi Carti and strikes up a conversation, trying to get any information she can about Zion's whereabouts. Kevin feels out of place and nervous as he looks around, wondering where his son could be. Playboi Carti, noticing Kevin's discomfort, grins and decides to have some fun with him. He challenges Kevin to do a series of embarrassing tasks in exchange for the information he seeks. Kevin hesitates, but in the end, his desire to find Zion overcomes his embarrassment. Kevin endures eating something incredibly spicy, barking like a dog, saying embarrassing phrases, and finally, attempting to rap along with Playboi Carti. The group on the bus bursts into laughter at Kevin's awkward performance, but they ultimately warm up to him, appreciating his willingness to do whatever it takes to find his son. Once they've put Kevin through the ringer, Playboi Carti says, "I don't know what you're talking about, man," shaking his head. "Zion's not on my bus." Though Kevin's efforts have been in vain, the ordeal has endeared him to Playboi Carti and the others on the bus, earning their respect and willingness to help him find his son. Kevin feels a knot of dread forming in his stomach. If Zion's not on the bus, then where could he be? As he fumbles with his phone to show Playboi the photo of Zion, he accidentally clicks on a new message from the two girls he met earlier. Playboi's eyes widen as he takes in the risqué photo. "Damn, son," he says, laughing. "Looks like you're having a wild time out here." Kevin quickly scrolls past the photo, feeling embarrassed and frustrated. "That's not important," he says, trying to steer the conversation back to Zion. "I just need to find my son." Playboi nods sympathetically. "I feel you, man." Just then, his phone starts ringing. He looks at the caller ID and sees that it's his wife. "I'm not going to answer," he mutters, but Playboi lectures him about how you "always answer the wife." Feeling pressured, Kevin answers the call, and his wife tells him she's parking and walking towards the entrance. He quickly ends the call, feeling even more stressed than before. Kevin feels a wave of despair wash over him. He's lost his son in a sea of strangers, and he has no idea where to start looking. He can feel the weight of his mistakes bearing down on him. Kevin is feeling the weight of his mistakes. He's under the influence, his head pounding with a massive headache, and he's feeling more alone than ever, unsure of how to find his son.
ChatGPT
INT. PLAYBUS - CONTINUOUS
The smoke-filled Playbus pulses with energy as Kevin and Shenseea navigate through the dimly lit space. They pass rappers and women, their presence a mere blur in Kevin's disoriented state. He can feel the weight of desperation sinking deeper within him.
