Chad's energy is contagious as he launches into conversation, resembling John Candy's character from "Planes, Trains and Automobiles." His well-intentioned but clumsy nature often leads to humorous mishaps and awkward situations.
CHAD (grinning) You won't believe the culinary journey the chef of this vegan food truck has been on. I know all the best items on the menu. Let me order for you!
Chad takes charge, enthusiastically listing an extensive array of dishes, enough to feed a small army. Kevin tries to interject, but Chad brushes off his protests with a wave of his hand.
CHAD (insisting) Don't worry, my treat! I got it covered.
As Chad reaches into his pocket to pay for the food, Kevin's eyes widen at the sight of the large wad of cash. He can't help but be curious and concerned.
KEVIN (raising an eyebrow) That's quite a bit of cash there, Chad. Where'd you get all that?
Chad seems unfazed by the attention, shrugging nonchalantly.
CHAD (grinning) Never put your money in a bank, Kevin. It's much safer on your person. And if it's lost, then at least it's on you and not some dumb corporate bank.
Kevin decides not to delve further into the matter, his mind preoccupied with finding Zion. He shifts the conversation back to their past.
KEVIN (distracted) Yeah, good times, Chad. But listen, have you seen my son? He went to use the restroom, and I haven't seen him since.
Chad's obliviousness to Kevin's concerns is apparent as he continues reminiscing.
CHAD (nostalgic) Man, those were wild times, huh? Like that one time we shot fireworks by the lake and got totally hammered!
Kevin, growing more anxious, responds absentmindedly.
KEVIN (distantly) Uh, no, I don't remember that. Look, Chad, have you seen a young boy around here? He's my son, Zion.
Chad's eyes widen with realization, and he looks around, finally noticing Kevin's distress.
CHAD (startled) Oh, man! I'm sorry, Kevin. I wasn't paying attention. Let's find Zion together. We'll track him down. I got your back!
Despite his well-meaning intentions, Kevin can't help but feel skeptical. However, with little time to spare, he reluctantly accepts Chad's help, hoping that their reunion doesn't lead to further misadventures.
They set off together, their contrasting energies and personalities ready to collide on their quest to find Zion in the bustling festival.

expand on this. make the dialogue in this energy but have it be more related to "why they're at Rolling Loud and what they've been up to since high school?" /Chad's energy is contagious as he launches into conversation, resembling John Candy's character from "Planes, Trains and Automobiles." His well-intentioned but clumsy nature often leads to humorous mishaps and awkward situations.
ChatGPT
2 / 2
EXT. ROLLING LOUD VENUE - FOOD TRUCK LINE - DAY
Kevin stands in line, waiting to order food, when he suddenly hears someone call his name. He turns around and spots CHAD, a charismatic but aimless man in his late 40s, resembling Will Ferrell. Chad's enthusiastic greeting and familiar face take Kevin by surprise.
CHAD (excitedly) Kevin! Is that really you? Man, it's been ages!
Kevin recognizes Chad from high school and offers a half-hearted smile.
KEVIN (chuckles) Hey, Chad. Long time no see.
Chad's energy is contagious as he launches into conversation, resembling John Candy's character from "Planes, Trains and Automobiles." His well-intentioned but clumsy nature often leads to humorous mishaps and awkward situations.
CHAD (grinning) Rolling Loud, baby! Who would've thought we'd end up here, right? Life has a funny way of surprising us.
Kevin raises an eyebrow, intrigued by Chad's enthusiasm.
KEVIN (skeptical) Yeah, it's definitely not where I expected to find myself. What about you, Chad? What's been going on since high school?
Chad's eyes light up as he begins recounting his ventures, his animated gestures matching his lively storytelling.
CHAD (rambling) Oh, you know me, man. I've been all over the place, trying this and that. From selling custom socks to importing rare collectibles. I even had a short stint as a yoga instructor, but that didn't end too well. Turns out, downward dog isn't my thing.
