Chad suddenly gets an idea and grabs a glow stick. He shoves it up his butt and takes off running around the entrance, screaming and laughing maniacally. Seeing Chad's distraction, Linda decides to join in and starts dancing wildly while yelling about her love for Playboi Carti.
The security guards are distracted by Chad and Linda's bizarre antics, and Kevin seizes the opportunity to sneak into the artists-only area.

rewrite the following. but make it extremely difficult for Kevin to follow anything Shenseea is talking about and add in that Kevin is looking for Playboi Cardi because that where he's going to find his son: "Shenseea takes one look at Jeremy's Rolling Loud outfit and bursts out laughing. She can't contain her amusement and starts taking pictures of him, asking if this is his first festival. As she's snapping away, a group of her friends join in, pointing and laughing at Jeremy's outfit. Jeremy is mortified, but also can't help but laugh at the ridiculousness of the situation. He tries to play it off, but the teasing from Shenseea and her friends only gets worse. "
ChatGPT
Kevin, trying to blend in, walks up to Shenseea hoping to get some information on Playboi Carti's whereabouts. But as he approaches her, he realizes that he can barely follow anything she's saying. Shenseea's Jamaican accent, combined with the loud music, makes it nearly impossible for Kevin to understand her.
Meanwhile, he keeps scanning the crowd for any sign of Zion or Playboi Carti. He's getting desperate and frustrated as he realizes he's running out of time. Suddenly, he hears someone calling out for Playboi Carti.
He turns to see Jeremy, who is being teased by Shenseea and her friends for his outfit. Kevin feels a pang of sympathy for Jeremy and also feels like he can relate to being out of place in this environment. But he doesn't have time for small talk. He interrupts Shenseea's teasing and asks if she's seen Playboi Carti.
Shenseea looks at him quizzically and asks what he's talking about. Kevin tries to explain that his son is missing and that he believes he's with Playboi Carti. But she just shrugs and tells him she hasn't seen him.
Frustrated and feeling like he's hitting dead ends at every turn, Kevin decides to continue searching on his own. He turns away from Shenseea and her friends, his mind racing with worry about his son.

rewrite but have he be extremely flirtatious with him, referring to how great his dance moves were earlier. Her friend, the little person, is alive and well.
ChatGPT
Sure! Here's a possible rewrite:
Shenseea takes one look at Jeremy's Rolling Loud outfit and bursts out laughing. She can't contain her amusement and starts taking pictures of him, but then notices Kevin nearby.
"Well, well, well, what do we have here?" Shenseea says, giving Kevin a sultry look. "If it isn't my dance floor king from earlier. You were killing it out there, baby."
Kevin feels a twinge of embarrassment at the attention, but he can't help but feel a little flattered. Shenseea leans in closer, brushing her hand against his arm.
"Tell me, do you have a name?" she asks, still smiling.
"Uh, yeah, it's Kevin," he stammers.
"Kevin," she repeats, rolling the name off her tongue. "I like it. Maybe you and I could dance together later."
Kevin's mind races with possibilities, but he's still focused on finding Playboi Carti and, more importantly, his son. He tries to shift the conversation.
"Actually, do you know where Playboi Carti is performing? My son is a huge fan, and I need to find him," he says, feeling a little guilty for being distracted.
Shenseea nods, her face turning serious. "I think I heard he's performing on the main stage next. Good luck finding your son, Kevin."
As Kevin makes his way through the crowd, he can't help but wonder if he missed an opportunity with Shenseea. But his primary focus remains on finding Zion, and he knows he can't let anything distract him.

rewrite but it shouldn't be where Playboi Carti is performing, it should be where he's hanging out in the private artists only section, because that is he is sure to find his son
ChatGPT
Sure, here's a rewritten version:
