Kevin, Chad, and Linda find a small table in the bustling booze tent, seeking a moment of respite from their recent escapades. They sit down, their drinks in hand, trying to blend in with the lively crowd around them.
KEVIN (out of breath) Can you believe what just happened? We're lucky to have made it out without getting caught.
CHAD (nervously) No kidding. That was intense. I can't believe we caused a power outage. People must be going crazy out there.
LINDA (wide-eyed) I never expected things to get this wild. It's like we're in the middle of a movie or something.
They take cautious sips of their drinks, their eyes scanning the crowd for any sign of suspicion.
KEVIN (whispering) We need to keep a low profile. Act like we belong here. Just another group of festival-goers.
CHAD (glancing around) Agreed. Let's try to blend in and not draw attention to ourselves. We don't want any more trouble.
LINDA (nervously) I hope nobody recognizes us from the stage incident. We can't afford any more mishaps.
They attempt to engage in casual conversations, mimicking the carefree demeanor of those around them. The sounds of music and laughter fill the air, momentarily distracting them from the gravity of their situation.

write the following into FDX: But their peace is short-lived, as two intoxicated girls stumble over to them, their eyes fixed on Kevin. Despite the bracelets on their wrists, they seem to have no trouble approaching the trio. Chad nudges Kevin and winks, "Looks like you've got some fans, man." Linda rolls her eyes, taking another sip of her drink. The girls giggle and ask if they can join them, and Kevin hesitantly agrees, still feeling a bit on edge from their recent escapade. As the group begins to chat and flirt, Kevin can't shake the feeling that they're being watched. As one of the girls looks at Kevin, she suddenly exclaims, "Oh my god, I recognize you! You were up there dancing with the little person during Shenseea's performance, right?" Linda, Chad, and Kevin exchange glances, as the girls' attention seems to be focused on Kevin. Another girl smirks and adds, "Yeah, we heard you might have killed her with your dance moves." The girls burst into laughter, quickly clarifying, "We're just kidding! But seriously, you were awesome up there!" They both have "artists only" bracelets on their wrists, piquing Kevin's interest. The girls introduce themselves as Brittany and Tiffany, and they start flirting with Chad and Kevin. Tiffany leans over to Kevin and says, "You were so hot on stage, baby. I bet you can show us some moves." They call him a DILF, and Chad has to tell Kevin what it means. Kevin blushes and starts to feel even more embarrassed. He's not used to this kind of attention, and he's also worried about Zion. But he can't deny that he's a little intrigued by the girls. Subtly, he glances down at his wedding ring, feeling a pang of guilt mixed with temptation. Chad, on the other hand, is eating up the attention. He's always been a ladies' man, and he's enjoying the company of the two girls. He casually hints to Linda that she might want to find something else to do, giving her a look that suggests she's a third wheel. Oblivious to Chad's intentions, Linda remains in the conversation, interjecting with her random and bizarre comments that neither add to nor detract from the flirtation. As the girls continue to flirt, one of them asks Kevin if he's on Snapchat. He responds that he's not, but they insist that he signs up right then and there. The girls take his phone and guide him through the sign-up process, giggling as they add themselves as his friends. Kevin's gaze flickers to his wedding ring once more, silently questioning his actions. Meanwhile, Linda rolls her eyes and tries to focus on something else, clearly not enjoying the company of Brittany and Tiffany. The animosity between Chad and Linda grows as they exchange pointed looks and sarcastic remarks. Chad seems to take pleasure in making Linda feel more