Kevin and Playboi Carti are locked in musical synergy, their combined energy setting the stage ablaze. Kevin's voice blends seamlessly with Carti's, their rendition of "Sky" resonating powerfully with the crowd.

PLAYBOI CARTI & KEVIN
(on stage, singing)
"I told my boy, go on like ten blunts for me
I told my boy, go on, get bands for me..."

As the crowd roars, Kevin's eyes scan the sea of faces. And then, they land on Zion. Time seems to slow as father and son lock eyes.

ZION
(screaming, overjoyed)
Dad!!!!!! 

ON STAGE - CONTINUOUS

Kevin, hearing his son's yell over the cacophony, reacts instantly. He drops the mic, takes a running start, and then –- he's airborne, diving into the crowd.

EXT. FESTIVAL GROUNDS - FRONT OF THE STAGE

Kevin lands among the crowd, right next to Zion. The two embrace, their reunion engulfed in a thunderous cheer from the crowd. And then, they’re all moving together, caught in the rhythm of the mosh pit, their joyous celebration echoed in the music and the night.

continue with the following scene in FDX: it's later, there's a quiet area with chad, linda, kevin, zion, the cute girl, shenseea, and keeshaloo, celebrating the night that just happened. then Kevin gets a text from Melanie in response to a text that he sent her earlier. Just as Melanie is about to continue her search, her phone finally receives a text from Kevin that he had sent 45 minutes ago. Due to the spotty cell reception at the theater, it had been delayed. The message reads, "No need to come to the theater, we're on our way home. We had a great time." Suspicious but willing to see if Kevin is telling the truth, Melanie decides to leave the festival and race home to catch them in the act.
ChatGPT
vbnet
Copy code
EXT. FESTIVAL GROUNDS - QUIET AREA - LATER

Chad, Linda, Kevin, Zion, the Cute Girl, Shenseea, and Keeshaloo sit together in a circle. They're rehashing the events of the night, laughter and smiles bright under the moonlight. 

Suddenly, Kevin's phone vibrates. He glances down at the screen.

KEVIN
(to himself)
Oh, it's Melanie.

He opens the text message, his face softening as he reads.

CLOSE ON KEVIN'S PHONE SCREEN

The message from Melanie reads, "Just got your text. On my way home. I hope you're telling the truth."

INT. MELANIE'S CAR - CONTINUOUS

Melanie, tired but focused, navigates her way out of the festival parking lot. Her eyes flicker back and forth between the road and her phone, the message from Kevin on the screen. Her face is a mix of suspicion and hope.

MELANIE
(murmuring)
If you're lying, Kevin...

She presses her foot harder on the accelerator, the car racing down the street as she hurries to get home.

BACK TO:

EXT. FESTIVAL GROUNDS - QUIET AREA - CONTINUOUS

Kevin smiles, looking up from his phone.

KEVIN
(grinning)
We better get moving. Melanie's on her way home. 

Everyone groans but stands up, the magic of the night still buzzing in their veins as they prepare to head home.

2 / 2
rewrite the following: EXT. FESTIVAL GROUNDS - QUIET AREA - CONTINUOUS CHAD Remember that time you lost your son at rolling loud and set her on fire and performed with Playboi Carti hours after being accused of attempted murder while tripping balls on 9/11 pills, blah... KEVIN Yeah. That was awesome. Melanie, tired but focused, navigates her way through the festival, the message from Kevin on the screen. Her face is a mix of suspicion and hope. BACK TO: Kevin smiles, looking up from his phone. KEVIN (grinning) We better get moving. Melanie's on her way home. Everyone groans but stands up, the magic of the night still buzzing in their veins as they prepare to head home. ---
ChatGPT
vbnet
Copy code
EXT. FESTIVAL GROUNDS - QUIET AREA - CONTINUOUS

The group laughs, settling into the calm after the storm. Chad leans back, his voice laced with playful sarcasm.

CHAD
(grinning)
Remember when you lost Zion at Rolling Loud, nearly burnt the place down, and ended up on stage with Playboi Carti, all after being accused of attempted murder? Not to mention the psychedelic adventure courtesy of those 9/11 pills...

Kevin chuckles, shaking his head in disbelief.

KEVIN
(grinning)
Yeah. Quite the night.

