 aside the codes and focus on open communication. We can trust our instincts and work together without the codes.
Kevin, seeing the tension between Linda and Chad, steps in to mediate.
KEVIN (calming) Guys, we're a team. Let's support each other, keep a clear mind, and find Zion together. We don't need codes. We just need to talk and trust in each other's abilities.
Linda and Chad look at each other, their disagreement slowly fading away. They realize that their shared goal is finding Zion, and unity is more important than codes.
LINDA (relenting) You're right, Kevin. Let's focus on finding Zion and rely on our instincts and open communication.
CHAD (nods) Agreed. Let's set aside the codes and work together as a team.
With newfound understanding and unity, Kevin, Linda, and Chad set off into the festival grounds, leaving behind the debate over codes. They rely on their intuition, clear communication, and unwavering determination to find Zion and bring him safely back home.

EXT. ROLLING LOUD VENUE - NIGHT Linda clicks her walkie-talkie. The effects of the cocaine start to kick in, bringing a sudden burst of energy. LINDA (excitedly) Okay, guys, listen up. We'll be using code 10-4 to indicate that we understand and acknowledge a message. If we hear code 10-13, that means we have a weather or road hazard. And if we hear code 10-20, that means we have a location update./10-15 is prisoner in custody. 10-27 is a driver’s license check. 10-32 is drowning. KEVIN Can't we just talk? LINDA The codes were meant to help us communicate efficiently no matter the situation! CHAD 10-13 is for police assistance, not weather hazards, Linda. Kevin get a load of Linda. LINDA I took a class! I’m certified with the walkies! CHAD Yeah, well, your teacher was an idiot, because 10-4 means "affirmative," 10-13 is for "getting food," and 10-20 is simply "meeting up." Maybe I should teach that freaking class. LINDA Dorothy was a very nice lady! She even organized a field trip to the police station, where we got to meet real officers and see the codes in action! KEVIN (calmly) Hey, guys, we need to work together here. Using these codes seems to be causing more confusion than clarity. Maybe we don't need them? LINDA (angry) Kevin, the codes are crucial! CHAD Your codes stink like shit. LINDA Fine, Chad! If you're not going to use the standard codes, then give me my walkie-talkie back. CHAD Fine. Take your walkies back. I can see the AIDS on them anyway. LINDA (crying) My mom died of AIDS! CHAD Yeah!? Because she probably had the wrong code for “Don’t fuck Magic Johnson!”/Well, that’s actually really sad but I’m not gonna stop using AIDS jokes!/Oh Yeah, that’s right, her nickname on the streets was Easy E! Linda reaches out her hand, ready to retrieve her walkie-talkie from Chad, but Kevin steps in. KEVIN Chad! C’mon!? CHAD Sorry. Crossed the line again, G.D. She just makes me want to burn a children’s hospital to the ground. KEVIN Let’s just use her codes. CHAD They’re all over the place. It’ll be chaos! KEVIN Chad, enough. Let’s just use ‘em. Please. CHAD For you. Fine. I just don’t want you thinking these are right. Down the line I don’t want you to embarrass yourself when you use codes again in another situation. I’m trying to look out for you. KEVIN Linda. We’ll use your codes. LINDA Chad? CHAD (reluctantly) I’m happy to use your wrong codes. LINDA (feeling the rush) Alright, let’s go ride a mustache! // Given the above scene, take the following description and turn it into an FDX scene that would come directly after the above: As they set out on their mission, using Linda's volunteer credentials to gain access and navigate the festival grounds, the trio encounters numerous boys passing by. Linda's excitement gets the best of her, repeatedly mistaking almost every boy as Zion. LINDA (excitedly) Kevin, is that him? Have we found him yet?
ChatGPT
EXT. ROLLING LOUD VENUE - NIGHT
As they set out on their mission, using Linda's volunteer credentials to gain access and navigate the festival grounds, the trio encounters numerous boys passing by. Linda's excitement gets the best of her, repeatedly mistaking almost every boy as Zion.
