He's about to turn away when something catches his eye. In the middle of the crowd, he sees Zion. He can't believe it – his son is safe and sound, and he's dancing like there's no tomorrow. Jeremy feels a sense of relief wash over him, but he also knows that he needs to get down there and make sure Zion is okay.
He makes his way through the VIP section and starts to head down to the main stage. As he's walking, he bumps into someone, spilling his drink all over himself.
"I'm sorry," he says, looking up to see a young woman standing in front of him.
"It's all good," she says with a smile. "You look like you could use a friend. My name is Lisa."

rewrite this: Shenseea, a Jamaican artist who is performing her hit song "Be Good" on stage. She's calling out to people from the crowd, inviting them to show off their twerking skills. Jeremy watches as the crowd erupts into a frenzy, with people dancing and jumping up and down. Jeremy gets the idea of trying to get called onto the stage so he can do a hail mary shout out to Zion. His drink is finished by now as he tries to take the last sip. He’s fighting his way onto the stage, needing to get up there. Bouncers are holding him back until Shenseea sees Jeremy and calls him onto the stage. The bouncers help him up and although he just wants the microphone to yell for zion, she starts singing and pulls him into to twerk with her. He’s a little messed up from whatever he drank and the crowd goes crazy.
ChatGPT
As Shenseea performs "Be Good" on stage, Jeremy watches in awe as she calls out to members of the crowd, encouraging them to show off their twerking skills. The energy is electric, and Jeremy feels a sudden surge of hope. Maybe if he can get on stage, he can use the microphone to make a hail mary shout out to Zion.
He looks down at the drink in his hand and hesitates for a moment, not wanting to be irresponsible. But he decides he could use a little liquid courage and takes a sip, then another. The alcohol hits him quickly, and he starts to feel a little dizzy.
Despite his buzzed state, Jeremy is determined to get up on that stage. He fights his way through the crowd, pushing and shoving until he reaches the front. The bouncers try to hold him back, but Shenseea spots him and calls him up to the stage.
The bouncers help Jeremy up, and he stumbles onto the stage. He's not sure what to do next, but Shenseea starts singing and pulls him into a twerking dance. The crowd goes wild as Jeremy tries to keep up, feeling a little disoriented from the alcohol.
He wants to use the microphone to call out for Zion, but he can't get a word in edgewise. The music is too loud, and the crowd is too loud. But he keeps dancing, hoping that Zion will see him on stage and know that his dad is still looking for him.

Someone helps him up. A big guy who recognizes him from high school? Imagine Will Farrell. He loves Rolling Loud and goes every year. No kids. Just for the fun.
ChatGPT
