"Let's go," he says, grabbing Chad's arm and pulling him towards the Bass Drop stage. "We've got a crazy guy with light-up shoes to find."

No. This isn't right. The wife should call, pissed off because she got the butt dial message from Zion with the clue. She's yelling at Jeremy
ChatGPT
I apologize for the confusion earlier. Here's a possible rewrite based on your latest request:
As Chad finishes his emotional story, Jeremy's phone rings, interrupting their conversation. It's a call from his wife, and she sounds furious. She tells Jeremy that she received a butt dial message from Zion, where he's giggling about being at the "Bass Drop" stage and mentions a crazy guy with light-up shoes. She's livid that Zion would run off with strangers and not keep his father informed.
Jeremy's heart sinks. Zion has actively chosen to separate from him and is out there with strangers. He can't believe that his son would do this to him. He feels a mix of anger and sadness.
As Jeremy's anger fuels his determination to find Zion, he turns to Chad, who's now also high as a kite, to be his wingman on this journey. Together, they stumble through the crowd, asking anyone and everyone if they've seen a teenage boy with curly hair and a bright red shirt.

Rewrite this, but Jeremy can NEVER let on that he's lost Zion, so he has to play this off as Zion is with him, all while being high and drunk and scared as hell that he's lost his son
ChatGPT
As Chad finishes his emotional story, Jeremy's phone rings, interrupting their conversation. It's a call from his wife, who's furious and yelling on the other end of the line. Apparently, Zion butt-dialed her, and she heard everything -- including his son's voice saying he's with Jeremy and having the time of his life.
Jeremy's heart sinks as he realizes he can't let on that he's lost Zion. He has to play it cool and act like Zion is right there with him. But with the combination of being high, drunk, and scared as hell, it's a difficult task.
He starts to stumble around, looking for Zion in the sea of people. Chad tries to help, but he's too high to be of much use. Together, they make their way through the crowd, asking anyone and everyone if they've seen a teenage boy with curly hair and a bright red shirt.
As they wander, Jeremy's mind races. He can't believe he's lost his son, and the fear of what might happen to him consumes him. He's angry with himself for letting Zion out of his sight and worried that he may never find him.
But he can't let on that anything is wrong. He has to act like everything is fine, like Zion is right there with him. So he laughs and jokes and dances, trying to maintain his composure.
Chad is no help, giggling uncontrollably at everything and nothing. They stumble upon a group of teenagers who look like they might know Zion, and Jeremy charges over to them, demanding to know if they've seen his son. The teenagers just look at him like he's crazy and tell him to back off.
Chad tries to intervene, but he's too high to really be of any help. He starts laughing uncontrollably at everything and drawing attention to himself and Jeremy.
As they continue their search, Jeremy's mind continues to race. He can't believe he's lost his son, and the fear of what might happen to him consumes him. He's angry with himself for letting Zion out of his sight and worried that he may never find him.
But he can't let on that anything is wrong. He has to act like everything is fine, like Zion is right there with him. So he laughs and jokes and dances, trying to maintain his composure.
As the night wears on, Jeremy's desperation grows. He's running out of time and options, and the fear of losing Zion forever is almost too much to bear. But he can't give up. He has to find his son, no matter what it takes.
And so, with Chad by his side, he continues his search, hoping and praying that he'll find Zion before it's too late.

2 / 2
