ZION, ADHD and anxiety challenges evident, shows little interest, eyes glued to his phone.
KEVIN (deep breath) Okay, let's think of this equation like a living room set...
His son's pill bottle catches Kevin's eye.
KEVIN Have you taken your meds?
ZION (rolls eyes) When's Mommy coming home?
KEVIN (hides exasperation) Can we focus here? It's late. I'm tired.
Zion's phone lights up. The ROLLING LOUD FESTIVAL ANNOUNCEMENT. His eyes light up.
ZION (excited) Dad, Rolling Loud just announced their lineup. Can we go?
KEVIN (confused) What's Rolling Loud?
ZION It’s only the biggest hip-hop festival. Playboi Carti, Travis Scott...
KEVIN (looking at Zion’s phone) No. You’re not going to see someone called Lil Uzi Vert!
ZION What about Carti?
KEVIN Cardi B?
ZION No, Playboi Carti!
Zion rattles off some explicit lyrics. Kevin looks horrified.
KEVIN You’re not helping your argument.
KEVIN (scrolling through Zion’s phone) What kind of hip-hop festival has a horse?
Zion leaves, disappointed. Kevin watches him go, realizing his protectiveness clashing with his son's independence.
FADE OUT.

Despite being once carefree and adventurous, Kevin has become a more cautious and organized individual due to the responsibilities of fatherhood and his mid-level executive job at Raymour & Flanigan Furniture. His love for Zion is evident as he has tried multiple therapists and schools to help his son. "Okay, let's think of this equation like a living room set," Kevin says, pointing to the textbook with a puzzled expression on his face. "X and Y are like the couch and loveseat. If we know the length and width of the room, we can figure out the size of the furniture, right?" / write the above more tersely
ChatGPT
Once adventurous, Kevin has become cautious and organized, juggling fatherhood and his mid-level executive job. His love for Zion shows through his persistent efforts to help his son.
KEVIN (pointing at textbook, puzzled) Think of X and Y like a couch and loveseat. Know the room size, you figure out the furniture size.

It becomes clear that there's something going on with Kevin and his wife that he doesn’t want to discuss. Kevin struggles to power through the homework, guessing and hoping for the best, but he doesn't fool Zion. The boy can see right through his dad's attempts to cover up his lack of math skills, and he's not impressed. / write the above into FDX format
ChatGPT
Undercurrents hint at issues between Kevin and his wife, unspoken but palpable. Kevin struggles with the homework, making guesses. Zion is unimpressed, seeing right through his dad's lack of math skills.
FADE OUT.

more conversationally
ChatGPT
Something's up with Kevin and his wife, but he's not talking about it. He's fumbling through the homework, just guessing, but Zion's not fooled. He knows his dad's math skills are lacking and it doesn't impress him one bit.

now expand with dialogue
ChatGPT
Tension builds, an unspoken issue between Kevin and his wife. Kevin struggles with the math homework, making guesses, but he can't fool Zion.
KEVIN (confused) So, if X is the width... or maybe it's the length...
Zion is unimpressed. He can see right through his dad's lack of math skills.
ZION (scoffs) Dad, you're just guessing. You don't know, do you?
Kevin avoids eye contact, embarrassment creeping in.
KEVIN (defensive) I'm doing my best here, Zion. This stuff is complicated.
The room grows quiet, the tension palpable. The unspoken issues are as evident as Kevin's struggle with algebra.

Kevin doesn't recognize any of the names that Zion mentions who are performing at Rolling Loud. He tries to convince Zion that Hip Hop was better when he was growing up, citing Biggie Smalls, and even starts rapping "Hypnotize," but he's not cheering Zion up. Zion is heartbroken that his dad won't let him go and he thinks his dad is such an old man. / write the above into FDX and expand on the dialogue
ChatGPT
Kevin looks lost as Zion mentions the artists performing at Rolling Loud.
KEVIN (confused) Lil who now?
Trying to connect, he harks back to his own youth.
KEVIN (excited) You know, when I was your age, we had real hip hop. Biggie Smalls, ever heard of him?
