A group of rappers and their entourage sit sprawled out on the couches, passing around a joint as they laugh and joke with each other. Kevin feels out of place and nervous as he looks around, wondering where his son could be.
Suddenly, he spots Zion sitting in the back, his eyes half-closed as he inhales deeply from a bong. Kevin's heart sinks as he realizes how deep his son is in with these dangerous people.
But before he can approach Zion, one of the rappers stands up and blocks his path, towering over him with a menacing scowl.
"What do you want?" the rapper growls, his eyes flickering with anger.
Kevin tries to explain the situation, but the rapper just laughs and dismisses him.
"You think you can just waltz in here and take your kid back? You don't know how things work in this world, old man."
Kevin feels a wave of fear wash over him as he realizes he's in way over his head. The smoke and chaos of the Playbus seem to close in around him, trapping him in a nightmare he can't escape from.

Great. Now rewrite, but Zion was never on that bus and Playboi doesn't know what Kevin is talking about, but when he opens up the snapchat to show him the photo, he accidentally clicks on a new photo from the two girls -- something that we don't see but Playboi does and it's definitely risque
ChatGPT
As Kevin frantically explains the situation to Playboi Carti, the rapper looks at him quizzically. "I don't know what you're talking about, man," he says, shaking his head. "Zion's not on my bus."
Kevin feels a knot of dread forming in his stomach. If Zion's not on the bus, then where could he be? As he fumbles with his phone to show Playboi the photo of Zion, he accidentally clicks on a new message from the two girls he met earlier.
Playboi's eyes widen as he takes in the risque photo. "Damn, son," he says, laughing. "Looks like you're having a wild time out here."
Kevin quickly scrolls past the photo, feeling embarrassed and frustrated. "That's not important," he says, trying to steer the conversation back to Zion. "I just need to find my son."
Playboi nods sympathetically. "I feel you, man. Let me ask around and see if anyone's seen him."
As Kevin waits anxiously, he can't help but wonder if he's made a terrible mistake in bringing Zion to the festival. He thought it would be a chance to bond over their shared love of music, but now it seems like everything has gone wrong.
After what feels like an eternity, Playboi returns with bad news. "Sorry, man," he says, shaking his head. "No one's seen your son. But I'll keep an eye out for him, and if I hear anything, I'll let you know."
Kevin feels a wave of despair wash over him. He's lost his son in a sea of strangers, and he has no idea where to start looking. As he stumbles away from the bus, he can feel the weight of his mistakes bearing down on him.

Rewrite the following, but add a phone call from his wife. he says he's not going to answer, but Playboi lectures him about how you "always answer the wife" -- when he does, she is saying that she is parking and walking towards the entrance: Playboi nods sympathetically. "I feel you, man. Let me ask around and see if anyone's seen him." As Kevin waits anxiously, he can't help but wonder if he's made a terrible mistake in bringing Zion to the festival. He thought it would be a chance to bond over their shared love of music, but now it seems like everything has gone wrong. After what feels like an eternity, Playboi returns with bad news. "Sorry, man," he says, shaking his head. "No one's seen your son. But I'll keep an eye out for him, and if I hear anything, I'll let you know." Kevin feels a wave of despair wash over him. He's lost his son in a sea of strangers, and he has no idea where to start looking. As he stumbles away from the bus, he can feel the weight of his mistakes bearing down on him.
ChatGPT
Playboi nods sympathetically. "I feel you, man. Let me ask around and see if anyone's seen him."
As Kevin waits anxiously, his phone rings. It's