 tools (from sanctuary) all in one it would be THE SANCTUARY SYSTEM.”

The sanctuary system chains:
(“Diaries” I write to Olivus, which are actually sales letters about the sanctuary system)

Chain1: what is the Sanctuary Allegorical Network Cipher? 


What is the Victory-Promise?
Who is Olivus Victory-Promise?
Hey Olivus! it’s me, Isaac, and this is how Olivus Victory-Promise changed my life
Struggling in the wasteland
Meeting OVP
What is Sanctuary?
How does Olivus Victory-Promise go to Sanctuary?
By keeping the Victory-Promise
What happens when Olivus Victory-Promise finds Sanctuary?
Metamorphosis into Olivus Victory-Ability building Sanctuaries
What is building Sanctuaries?
Clarifying the orderliness of systems by discovering unknowns
Such that there is a benefit in terms of progress in victory-everything chain
What is victory-everything chain? 
The totality of instances of Olivus Victory-Ability required to completely realize the Victory-Promise of Olivus-Everyone Victory-Everything Sanctuary-Everywhere
Who is Olivus-Everyone Victory-Everything Sanctuary-Everywhere?
The dream of Olivus Victory-Promise in the infinite story I can’t get out of my head
What is the foundational practice for keeping the victory-promise? 
Basic Formal Sanctuary Cultivation
What is the foundational practice for empowering the Victory-Promise? 
ROAR
Where can I learn them? 
Discord
MeetOVP


Chain result: SANC is the mode of understanding in which the infinite story of Olivus Victory-Promise is told. Going through Chain1, it is intuitively understood that a sanctuary signals a method for compassion in action, a view that sustains it, and a blueprint for building more sanctuaries. 



SANC_ROAR

Igniting the primordial lovers’ engine and Breaking through the Wasteland sound barrier by sheer penetration of meaning


When vision gives rise to aspirations
And aspirations give rise to activity
And activity gives rise to amplification
And amplification gives rise to fear

Stop and contemplate deeply:

Deep breath. Basic Formal Sanctuary Cultivation. Then:

Visualize a cave
That has been dark for eons
Never has had a light

Victory-Promise means to vow 
To act with fervent compassion
So that cave experiences a spark

From a spark, flames
Filling the cave, a fireball erupts
Other caves see the possibility of fire

Sparks alight
This glowing fireball grows to cosmic aurora
From a single thunderclap ROAR…

A spark becomes a lightning storm!

“May my flame give a whole new meaning to the term ‘burn out’”. 

Ability


In terms of the hero’s journey, it’s good to think of one’s weakness as being frozen or turned to stone, paralyzed, etc. in the face of fear. Then, the Victory-Promise shines through… 

{
Use this meaning to instantly shatter negativity and fear of the unknown
}
Foreword: 

The date is November 8th, 2023. Today is my 32nd birthday. Many people spend their twenties obtaining skills and careers, relationships and families. For most, being 32 is significant because they may have had a child, gotten married, or finally found their calling by then. It is an age where one’s parents may start dying, lives can change significantly overnight, and so on.  

For me, my 20s and early 30s went a little bit differently: 32 marks 5 years from 27, the deadline age that was supposed to mark my complete separation from reality. 


When I was 20 years old I went to a routine psychiatric evaluation in order to qualify for EMDR therapy to treat cPTSD from an intense high school experience. I qualified for the treatment but the evaluation entailed a conversation that was not even on the radar at all before. Here’s what happened.

It was a foggy day and I woke up late. My mom offered to drive me. We hit every red light. We got there and when the evaluation started, I noticed the questions were so general and standard it was almost like an intake survey. At the end she said “alright. Do you mind if I go get your mom before we go over the results?” Strange. “No. I’m 20.