And awaken to the fact that humans are the universal tree of olivus 

“… dangerous messengers begin to appear in the brain. These are dangerous because they threaten the fabric of the security into which we have built ourselves and our family. But they are fiendishly fascinating too, for they carry keys that open the whole realm of the desired and feared adventure of the discovery of the self. Destruction of the world that we have built and in which we live, and of ourselves within it; but then a wonderful reconstruction, of the bolder, cleaner, more spacious, and fully human life — that is the lure, the promise and terror, of these disturbing night visitants from the mythological realm that we carry within.” Joseph Campbell 

The story of Olive and Oliver going through the 10 yanas 

Atoms
Dreams - intuition of death 
Death - not atoms 
Meditation - not death 
Rainbow body - not meditation 
Benefit comes back 

At the idyllic beginning, there were sky children dancing across the cosmos. One of these children was named Olivus. One day, Olivus discovered the light of the heroic heart within themselves. Like a light in a cave, Olivus couldn’t help but shine out to the other sky children. But the other sky children would recoil from the light, thinking it wasn’t their own, they didn’t like it and avoided it. Olivus thought “I have such a wonderful light! Why don’t others love my shine?!?” And then Olivus thought “I must not have this light, after all. I must have… imagined it.” Dejected, Olivus fell into despair. 

 lit up with realization of how to enable the other sky children to light their own inner lights. 

accompanied by the primordial cow

To create the world, Manu sacrifices his brother and, with the help of heavenly deities (the Sky-Father, the Storm-God and the Divine Twins), forges both the natural elements and human beings from his remains. Manu thus becomes the first priest after initiating sacrifice as the primordial condition for the world order, and his deceased brother Yemo the first king as social classes emerge from his anatomy (priesthood from his head, the warrior class from his breast and arms, and the commoners from his sexual organs and legs).

////////

The Wisdom Maverick Is Coming

At the idyllic beginning, there were sky children dancing across the cosmos. One of these children was named Olivus. One day, Olivus discovered the light of the heroic heart within themselves. Like a light in a cave, Olivus couldn’t help but shine out to the other sky children. But the other sky children would recoil from the light, thinking it wasn’t their own, they didn’t like it and avoided it. Olivus thought “I have such a wonderful light! Why don’t others love my shine?!?” And then Olivus thought “I must not have this light, after all. I must have… imagined it.” Dejected, Olivus fell into despair. 

In the beginning, before society, each mother and child had everything they needed provided for them by the universe, but they didn’t have permanent homes (they wandered, longing for Sanctuary due to dissatisfaction). 

