Olive R. Victory-Assured is the name of the future children of TWI. Instantly, upon wishing for the divine gift of self-sacrifice to well up within them, any wisdom maverick attains this name, but like Oliver Heart, their hearts will be overcome by the ignorant sleep of the self-torturous Dreamer until they self-exorcize the Demon Champion by unraveling Ignorance, the Emperor of the Wasteland, via beheading their own Hydra of Not. Olive R. Victory must rely on the emanations of The Wisdom Maverick of The Wisdom Inside, the Sanctuary for the Seeds of the Divine Tree of Olivus, to show them the magical lucidity juice so they can gain confidence to defeat the Hydra of Not guarding the inner flame, and become Universal Heroes — the rightful just and all-good heroes who sacrifice themself for the continuity of all Wisdom Mavericks’ home in the universe. True homelessness, being without the home of Transformational Wisdom Intent, is the root of self-torture and separates us from Sanctuary. Lacking the Divine Tree of Olivus is true external suffering, lacking Sanctuary is a lesser suffering, and lacking civilization is an equal suffering to that. Overall, they are all contained in not-having-played-Sanctuary Revolution-efficiently. Building TWI World Incorporated is the true activity that is equivalent to living in the pure idyllic Sanctuary-Everywhere because it is only through TWI that Victory-Everything is chained and Sanctuary is emanated, and when people work at TWI, they emanate TWI World Incorporated through Mythic Nightmare burn out. When TWI World Incorporated reaches critical mass, it becomes a physical place and that place is equivalent to Sanctuary to the degree that it is autonomous in its rule of law. This is called ATLAS, lifting the world with compassion. However, if everyone engaged in TWI activity, TWI Sanctuary-Everywhere would be achieved implicitly (OmniSANC). Therefore, anywhere where any one person with themselves or two or more people together act with transformational wisdom intent, the Sanctuary for the Seeds of the Divine Tree of Olivus in the Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection is accomplished. This will never end. Demons can be inside Sanctuary, but they cannot see it. This is the true wisdom intent of Olivus: may “you” know “it” directly, simply by wholeheartedly promising to ensure the victorious accomplishment of Sanctuary. This is Olive R. Victory! 

Olive R. Victory accomplishes apotheosis as Victory-Promise, the future incarnation of the unification of Justice, Truth, and Good as a type of binding or contract or law. That is, Olivus Victory-Promise realizes the meanings of Justice and Goodness and thereby realizes all universal human truth as implied by activity, thereby becoming “all-knowing” due to never falling into ignorance about the Waking Dreamer’s experience of being Olivus Mirror-Mask, while still being entirely vulnerable and genuine and compassionately heroic. True victoriousness is becoming the Wisdom Maverick named Olivus-Everyone Victory-Everything Sanctuary-Everywhere and emanating Sanctuary with all of the “other” emanations! Do “you” understand yet? 

The Victory-Promise of Olivus is to never give up the heroic heart of fearlessness – the Lightbringer of Sanctuary – in any situation, ever, to the best of your ability (don't hurt yourself! Take it slow or complexity will overload Olivus and we’ll lost ourselves in the wasteland again). In this way, we all, Olivus, compete as heroes in a game to become universal heroes and bring back the memories of the wisdom maverick, by emanating Sanctuary together through the gameplay of Sanctuary Revolution.

The meaning of life is to encode into society the methods for realizing the greatest trick in the book, selfless human collaboration, by realizing it and using its key-like power to plant the seeds of Sanctuary for the seeds of the divine tree of Olivus within the timeless webbed infinitude of infinite perfection. 

Smile at demons and nourish them with SANCREVTWILITELANGMAP.

/////////////////

Ignorance is like an intellectual prudishness. 

