Empire of ignorance is an alien race that lives in computers in a Dyson swarm that creates an artificial sun and obscures the real one

So, in this world where everyone is supposedly “miraculously born” in Sanctuary “without parents,” Oliver and Olive are some of the few who are born with parents, and so are not miraculous, and feel like they can’t be said to have been born in Sanctuary. Nevertheless, Oliver’s parents are dead and he is actually an orphan. As a result of this lie they tell themselves, when they look around they see The Wasteland instead of Inconceivably Secret Sanctuary. 

Oliver born in the wasteland
Neighborhood called the Junkyard 

Teachings of Sanctuary are gone but the place is still called Sanctuary and everyone still works at TWI because of The Last Teacher, Olivus Victory-Promise. Olivus became a Universal Hero of Masked Whirling Rainbow Flames through the teachings he got from the Inner Teacher when he woke up, and as an emanation of The Wisdom Maverick, he enabled humanity to board the World Ship Tree before they lost Earth. The Future Teacher hasn’t come yet and as a result many people pretend to be in Sanctuary as a weird kind of religion, but very few have actually discovered inner fire, (siddhis of perception: first fire is phenomena itself, second, inner fire is the Teacher, third, rainbow fire is The Wisdom Maverick). 

But in the wasteland this TWI looks a certain way, in that it hasn’t woken anyone up yet. There is a prophecy of the Wisdom Maverick coming, and of the cosmic lovers, Oliver Powers and Olive R. Love. 

MEET OLIVER: 
Sitting in the Junkyard on his lunch break, on some ruins of Ancient TWI, freestyle rapping and recording it and modifying his flow with the Crystal Ball VR overlay in his mind.

He raps about how he’s in “sanctuary” but it’s really a wasteland and there’s no such thing as an external savior called the Wisdom Maverick and all the Universal Heroes are just in our heads and all that. “If there was a Wisdom Maverick, wouldn’t they be here???” 

Nonetheless he knows that deep down all he wants is the Wisdom Maverick to exist, because if not, then he would have to become it. 

Finishes work and goes “home” which is an alley near a Gathering Sanctuary his foster mother runs (we get to see some sights that orient us more to TWI Headquarters, which is where they all live inside Sanctuary, in various neighborhoods designated by which functions they perform. Oliver lives in The Junkyard District, and visits his foster mother who runs a home, the Junkyard Sanctuary. She is like a priestess of the Wisdom Maverick and that’s how Oliver knows about TWI and Sanctuary. In the middle is a huge pillar that houses The Nexus, where people who want to win prizes can undergo trials. It’s said that in the beginning, Nexus was completely different, but after implants divided us, it became a place where people can fight for them). Oliver visits the Junkyard Sanctuary and eats some food with his foster mother. She mentions that “one day your light will grow into rainbow fire: you are a healer, Oliver.” 

Oliver goes “home” to a makeshift home he has in the Junkyard. 


As he’s rapping, Olive passes by with her brother(?). Suddenly, Oliver starts to see the Wisdom Maverick’s Rainbow Wildfire (inner fire) around Olive, but just a little. Hearing Oliver’s dilemma, she says she’ll meet back up with them at the arena and asks Oliver “do you really believe in the Wisdom Maverick?” 

“I don’t- I don’t know. I want to. Do you?” 

“No. My family does but… this isn’t a sanctuary. Experience is just a strange dream.” 

“Then I hope we all wake up someday.” 

“What would we even wake up to?” 

He stands up awkwardly and extends his hand. 

“I’m Oliver. Oliver Powers.” She shakes it. 

“Olive R. Love” 


