She is a fighter, he is not. She comes from a lineage of female symbols of peace named Olive R. Love, but she takes after her father who comes from a lineage of protectors. These two lineages combine to hold the traditions of the Infinite Armed Liberatress and The Black Universal Hero. He thinks she’s so cool etc, but then she gets taken away by her family to fight in the arena to earn her spot in the family business - they are a secret service lineage. She just wishes someone would beat her. 

He finds inner fire on his own by contacting identityless wisdom because he wants to help Olive and he joins the arena to fight her. It manifests in the form of the Infinite Armed Liberatress and from then on he thinks Olive and IAL are inseparable. This is his path. The path of practicing Oliver Powers is the Infinite Armed Liberatress’ Section of the Secret Gathering Cycle.

He knows if he joins the arena he will need to fight and even though it’s the one thing he always promised not to do, he knows he has to do it to get an implant and save Olive from her family. He has to win a placement match to officially join the arena and he almost gets killed but prays to inner fire and ends up one hitting his opponent, catching everyone’s attention. 

Meanwhile, a boardgame between masters (her father who is a known siddha and Masked Dragon Flames). Each time Masked Dragon Flames moves, he expresses his realization, as a tying move. Each time Olive’s Father moves, he expresses his power, trying to complicate the board. 

Oliver goes to the bar and Olive asks him what he’s doing and he tells her his plan. She laughs and says it’s cute but she doesn’t need a knight in shining armor and he should stop before he gets hurt. She taps her Father, who makes a move, and Masked Dragon Flames’s fingers Light up with rainbow overgrowth as he suddenly makes a winning move. Oliver recognizes the rainbow overgrowth from Masked Dragon Flames and is stunned. Olive and her dad leave and Masked Dragon Flames says “so, you can see, eh?” 

Masked Dragon Flames teaches Oliver. First, initiates him into the Wisdom Maverick system called Infinite Armed Liberatress and teaches him about the good society that gives birth to Sanctuary. (His awakening mirrors the initiation)

Oliver wins his first real match. 

Olive has problems with her mom, who is a pacifist. She also has problems with her Father, who says she shouldn’t try to be so strong on her own but rather rely on her synergies with others. 

Second, Masked Dragon Flames teaches Oliver about Sanctuary cultivation and transference. 

Oliver fights a number of challengers and trains in cultivation of various powers. Olive immediately places high with her family powers. 

Third, Masked Dragon Flames teaches Oliver about Secret Gathering practice and Oliver meets the many Masked Heroes of Inner Sanctuary. 

Oliver defeats his entire class of challengers in a final brawl. Olive takes notice of him as a hero but now they have to fight. He courts her and says “I did all this so you’d know your first loss came from love!” She tells him to he’s still not strong enough to win but to shut up and kiss her. 

In that moment, he starts receiving the transmission again and realizes the scientific link between Sanctuary teachings and lucid dreams and so decides to force himself to lucid dream while awake and suddenly awakens in the inner Sanctuary, where he beholds the Divine Tree of Olivus directly for the first time. 

But as a result, Faceless Whirling Flames of the Mirror Mask tells him he will be chased by the three demon champions in outer, inner, and inexpressible ways. 

So Oliver never shows up to the battle. Olive challenges her Father to prove herself to her Family. Incidentally, the President and the First Lady, who is a symbol of peace and compassion of the old ways, are in the audience. 

