this change in state catalyzes the negative feedback loop for P, turning it positive in the following way: 
the character now relates to the world in such a way that they now possess a superpower that can solve the world engine’s “problem” and obtain a New Form of the W desire (if successful, master of two worlds).
This superpower must be fostered 

When the protagonist is impacted by the impact character, they then see the relationship between the negative loop caused by the w-engine, and the lie they believe.***

When they (protagonist) confront and overcome P lie, they must also, in order to prove W Lie wrong, solve the world’s problem. When the world’s problem is solved, the negative loop (in the w-engine)  is turned positive, because the lie is proven to be false AND the problem is dealt with


Catalyst is fake impact, ability/future-superpower is being methodically applied to P-problem in a backwards way because of the lie.
Fun and Games is a series of impacts that swap the method application direction. Also contains the seed of realization for W problem.
Midpoint is almost the total functionality of the new, successful methodology, applied in the right direction, but also the realization of the W problem.
Bad Guys Close In is the World reaction to the new methodology (world still believes world lie/still has problem)
All is Lost is when the new method seems to have completely failed, all that is left is to go back to the old method and accept that Protagonist is not in harmony with World.
Spark in the Dark is a key that unlocks the possible way the new method might solve the world problem (by coming up with a new plan enabling P to apply methodology in such a way that W’s problem can be solved). 

Act 3 -> execution of new plan, proving methodology to W by solving the problem and dispelling the lie.


Because of W-lie, the solution to W-problem is unknown and P-lie exists.
Because of P-lie, P believes P-problem can be solved by solving W-lie with the W-methodology (which takes form of P-problem), this is called P-method1

But

Belief in P-method1 is shaken by Impact Character’s challenge of both W-lie and P-lie
and
P-lie is dispelled by realizing truth of W-problem as P-method1 transforms into P-method2

So

W-problem is solved by new P-method2
And 
P-problem is resolved by resolution of the W-lie