 have forced themselves through to these aspects of their own minds/reality through various means like dreams, whether good, nightmares, or lucid, and even in meditation, are still just sentient beings if they have no recognition or realization of these aspects and as a result have not begun cultivating the outlook called the wisdom of the display of the timeless webbed infinitude of infinite perfection. If they have, then they’ve got it, and if they don’t have anymore fear at all, and they have infinite compassion and expressive rescuing power, then what could possibly be left to awaken to? They’re awakened ones.  

Because there exists a promise related to knowing any of this between wisdom and the substrate-minded sentient being who sees the wisdom mind, people who use psychedelics or other forceful methods sometimes go crazy because they can’t integrate the symbols properly. The deeper the wisdom, the deeper the promise. If they concentrate on developing compassion and letting their misconceptions dissolve, it will be okay, and they can awaken quite quickly as they realign their minds towards wisdom through love. 

Death or Lifeforce severance is when the wisdom display stops revealing itself to sentient beings directly in the way of sentient beings by being displayed as sentient beings (i.e. the sentient beings displayed to the being with that display and vice versa). Awakened Lifeforce severance is when the wisdom display stops revealing itself to sentient beings directly in the way of sentient beings by being displayed as an awakened being to sentient beings (ie the “death” of an awakened being means the awakened being can no longer be directly perceived by other sentient beings as a sentient being in the flesh). Your “past lives” are everyone in this world but the thing is we can’t recognize the ones that seem like cultures. Since it all just seems quite normal residing in our minds, when we contact them, it’s easy to give them labels of other concepts like this culture and those people. Best not to think about them, which will lead you astray, unless it’s as an expedient method for developing compassion. But if you can’t stop yourself from thinking about it, contemplate: 

Past lives are everyone in this world
And “everyone else” was actually “you” in a past life 
But the thing is we can’t recognize the ones that seem like cultures we know about
We only see those displays because we are trying to remember the Teachings from similar places in other world “books” in the wisdom mind, which are other universes in the substrate 
Where there was an awakened one who taught us sentient beings the teachings that lead to awakening
In the form that they knew we needed at that time in that lifetime
Of course, in this lifetime, we can’t remember any of it, so it seems foreign and so those teachings can’t reach us effectively 
Without remembering it, we need to reveal wisdom to ourselves - and this was always the case anyway but now we realize it
And so seekers 
Journey to find the teachings that lead to awakening 
And the lucky ones
Find the Teacher revealing the Teachings that will help them 
In that very lifetime
To unlock the key to their own book in the jeweled library 
Here, emanated on this Earth, we have a lot of books but not any of the ones close enough to the “books” to be able to remember the precious teachings
Nonetheless, each person is actually who you were in a past life, in a different book - a sentient being with different conditions! 
And everyone else was actually you in a past life 
This is why you shouldn’t even think about past lives, just learn the activities of heroism 
And don’t get upset about ideas like freewill 
the way “your” life as “you” is going
Is actually just “yours”

Look at this pith instruction: 
You never were any of these Awakened Ones 
in your past lives 
they were all 
You

If you understand that one, this one's for you:
Welcome to the Fierce Sanctuary! 

