The Queen Commander of All of Space, The Great Fierce Mother - an awakened guardian, is the symbolic expression of the loving power of the substrate’s latent wisdom mind as Wisdom Display. This is the actual wisdom-calling display that permeates all experience. It calls you to heroism and rewards you for it. 

The Lifeforce Severer - an awakened guardian, is the symbolic expression of the loving power of the substrate’s latent wisdom mind as continual change, impermanence, and death. This is the actual fierce display that permeates all experience. It calls you to heroism and rewards you for it. 

The Sacred Display of Space for The Practitioner Keeping Promises - a worldly guardian. The experience of being the practitioner keeping the outer promises, which is a sacred phenomenal display of symbolic wisdom facsimiles. It calls you to heroism and rewards you for it. 
The Royal Ennead Black Display of Space as the Awakening Retinue - an awakening/partially worldly guardian. The display of the path by those following it. The practitioner keeping their promises could be said to have this Identityless identity, which is unified with the experience of sacred display. 

The Display of Space to Sentient Beings as the Threefold Qualities of All Phenomena, the main worldly guardian of these teachings, represents all knowable non-sublime knowledge (Crystal Ball is this). Sublime knowledge is that which must be directly experienced through the power of the mind to be understood, which our concepts are therefore invariably wrong about. Identityless ontology should be relied upon in all domains. 

1. Qualities of wandering phenomena
Hope and fear 
2. Qualities of awakening phenomena
Fierce love
Peaceful love 
3. Noncontradictory qualities of phenomena
Fear as fierce love that resolves as “what you need”
Hope as peaceful love that resolves as “what you need”
Noncontradiction as qualification for Wisdom, which is love activity, that incidentally spawns hope and fear in sentient beings that ultimately resolves itself as their own awakening to “how it is” 

Wanderers
Indeterminate emanations that experience benefit and harm and express either ignorance and become demonic emanations or heroism and become guardian protector emanations. 

The Wanderers are the objects of protection and compassion who are subject to and prone to succumbing to negative loops created by believing in the concepts derived from contact with demonic activity. That is, incorrect appearances of phenomena pregnant with the creation of further suffering through the increase of demonic power (ironically, the cause of all their suffering) which mix with their own demonic emanations of self-belief and cause harm. 

Demons
The demon, Champion of the Ignorance Empire, Self-belief, which is an inverted protector that poisons, dominates, and destroys everything it contacts on the basis of accepting and rejecting with pride. It can secretly liberate itself by seeing Ignorance’s forces clearly. The paper army exposes the child general.

The demons, Ignorance’s forces, which are inverted protectors and represent all that we accept or reject and are endowed with the possibilities of further suffering. They can secretly liberate themselves by dissolving into symbolic meanings through reverting Ignorance’s Emperor to Wisdom Mind.

The demon, Ignorance’s emperor, which is an inverted protector and represents ignorance itself — the substrate — is endowed with the possibility of further suffering, but also is secretly, unbeknownst to Ignorance’s Emperor, endowed with the nature of wisdom mind and the wisdom of Identitylessness. By taking the Emperor’s clothes, we see naked Ignorance. What are the Emperor’s clothes? They are self-identity and the collection of likes and dislikes that compose the self. Through abiding in our experience and understanding the moments of expressions of “personality” as possibilities for heroism, we can abide in the cultivation of identitylessness, which exposes self-identification and the collection of likes and dislikes, hopes and fears, trauma and dreams, and so on that compose it. 


This is how it works: 

This is how the substrate works:

