 until awakening in the Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection book of this same dream-like display 

called

Entering the Union 
of
Olive R. Love & Oliver Powers 

Victoriously Transforming Phenomena 
to the Refuge Sanctuary 
Growing the Divine Tree of Olivus

We, each lifetime mask of “me”, each take turns driving the ship of “my body and my actions”
Upon awakening, this cycle stops. 
Upon stopping, all internal sentient beings of the universal dance of the lifetime mask rejoice, causing the wisdom mind to fully manifest as continuous symbolic revelation 

Internally, phenomena were just symbolic reflections of traits “I” wanted to adopt and traits related to negative loops “I” created that “I” wanted to abandon
So, 
Secretly, phenomena were/are the mirror of the
Revelation of the Teachings

Externally, they were/are other sentient beings, the other emanations of Wisdom, the activity of all the Awakened and Awakening Ones

Since I am interdependent with other sentient beings, reality can not manifest as other than interdependence with other sentient beings

Since I am not existing the way I thought I was when I was a sentient being, I am now in harmony with suchness, from the other side of the equilibrium of the substrate and the wisdom mind.  

Realizing this state, “I” and everything “mine” naturally dissolve into Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection. Implicitly, awakening reveals the fullness of Reality, and like waking up and going outside, I become fully liberated into the state of the Swift Liberatress, Olive R. Love, replete with Oliver Powers, and, to my surprise, have completely awakened as the Wisdom Maverick. TWI! 

TWI TWI
The Wisdom Maverick is 
TWI TWI
The Wisdom Maverick is coming
TWI TWI
The Wisdom Maverick is here 
TWI TWI 

Therefore, with nothing left to think about, Oliver Powers and Olive R. Love just simply rest in the ecstatic union of Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection’s Sanctuary activity beyond any need for anything else, hope of continuation, or fear of destruction. This has many names.

In terms of so-called instructions, in the end you will need to figure out how to apply them in your own mind as you receive them: 

As the Great Sun dawned in the East over the inhabitants of the universe called Place of Tranquility in the Book of Olive R. Love and Oliver Powers, the Great Water Dragon called Glorious Wisdom Monarch Red-faced Earth Protector instructed them all with delight:

“You have the sword of wisdom 
Fear bleeds fearlessness 
So gently, lovingly, sharply 
Cut through it 
Slay the false water dragon of deluded perceptions
And unveil the true water dragon, simultaneously gifted 
union with the Queen consort. 
Like this, 
Watch!

Symbolically, 
I’m already the water dragon king, emperor of the grand expanse
So personally, I just go straight to the Secret Jeweled Vault 
In front of The Throne Room’s Adamantite Doors, 
and with love, fearlessly command 
any
guards, even demons or gods that appear
Welcoming my own greatest hopes and fears
I effortlessly make all phenomena step aside and clear my path to the throne, lest they be blown away by the guardian protector stormforce of this emanation of Oliver Powers and Olive R. Love’s will to ascendance for the rescue of all sentient beings:
So for me, it is not a lie when I proclaim this lion’s roar:
‘My true identity is the Monarch, Wisdom Mind and “you” can no longer obstruct my birthright claim to the Open Seat! I’m coming in’ 

Simultaneously, 
Resting in the outlook that sees the wisdom of timeless webbed infinitude of infinite perfection, 
It’s easy to see
Sentient beings are always afraid of losing themselves 
and hopeful of continual continuation of whatever they like, 
both of which are inevitably impossible to keep up 
therefore sentient beings suffer 
Since, to sentient beings, being a sentient being means inevitable suffering, 
They therefore never enjoy being a sentient being 
So learn to continually enjoy the pulse of being
A sentient being 
And by continually enjoying the pulse of being a sentient being, 
Awaken Wisdom Mind
And truly enjoy the pulse

