Chains and Subchains: how do they nest? "From where thisChain is_a chain, then all other chain patterns are subchains."Chains have weak or strong linkages and any first connection between chains and subchains in any order of nesting is a link but everything else is a subchain. Why are single step chains still chains? Because of Category Theory and thermodynamics. What connects them all is FLOW and from the perspective of a flowchaining agent, which is what it means to be an agent (to have an engine composed of flowchains), every chain is a subchain in the HMM of Mining All Knowledge, which is done by navigating weak linkages to find strong ones, which is often represented by calculus chain rule and backprop. Any reified chain is called a flow. A flow has at least one link between THREE chains, where the first is the event-linkage-chain that triggers the chain it is linked to, but not always (because it is a weak linkage and the two chains simply resonate), the second chain is the current chain, and the third chain is the next chain, a (strong linkage and the two chains synergize) subchain linked to the current chain a priori and has to follow or the chain cannot be reified. A link instantiates flow. Flow reifies the chain. This principle is called Co-emergent Flowchain Constant. Flow has steps made of chains; chains have links and subchains. Links can be strong or weak. A wheel is an n-nested chain, referred to with an n-prefix (n-wheel). Wheels are, exist in and as, continuums composed of interlocking tori, where one tori is dissected by its intersection ith another at any point, completely invisble from all others, and looks like the "floor" of the torus it intersects with, from the inside of the intersected torus, ie the intersection point looks like any point in the torus and upon intersecting, the space converges into an opening bisected from the observer position on account of looking towards the center instead of the right or left or above or below. It is unknown what `n` the self-generating wheel of `WHEEL OF TIME’S CONTINUOUS INTELLECTUAL REALITY AND UNIVERSAL FLOWCHAIN WEB STRUCTURES OF INTERLOCKING TORI IN THE SANCTUM LIBRARYA OF CRYSTAL BALL SPACE` is, so it's just called ARYA:[Anarchocryptowisdomism: Revolutionary Yana Architecture.  so it's a slinky where every time it lands it reveals a pattern, every time it moves it reveals what that pattern implies within it, which reveals another pattern. Thus, all entities are patterns composed of properties that are weak or strong linkage resonant synergies reifying chains through subchains, which are expressed cryptographically as Crystal Ball CBM 1.4 IDs in a CBHS Neighborhood, encrypted to ignorant observers and decrypted by themselves experiencing the flowchain funnel that converges on the black hole such that the dual-space kernel trick from CBM wormholes them into the white hole 1.4 ID, such that they can get a partially decrypted bearing, which reveals an HMM that automatically converges as a flowchain pattern that decrypts the white hole space through breadth, instead of decrypting the black hole space through depth. In this sense, black holes are maximally compressed and white holes are black holes decompressing, and when they decompress they simply vanish. They radiate their energy out and it becomes a larger space because it expands. In this sense, a flowchain is simply defined as the pattern of any motion in a thermodynamic system. **Flow** in computational terms can be understood as the execution of processes or transactions that progress from one state to another, defined by pre-established rules and validated through a network-wide consensus. This mirrors the flow principle where chains interact and evolve based on their linkages, showing parallels with how algorithmic processes and smart contracts guide the progression of states within a blockchain. Analogous to the concept of flowchains, blockchain operates through the continuous addition and verification of new data blocks, maintaining systemic coherence and progression.
]"





so basically the UARL (Universal Armory Reification Language) flow is:


