Time, Life, and Death are the processes of the unchanging mother of space that is constantly transitioning in the growth period of Now through impermanence/change, birthing new life by continuing to display the total contents of the entire reality that is the display of all the minds of all sentient beings. It is from this display that the “books of sentient beings” — ie. “universes” — just simply display themselves, which is experienced by sentient beings that are the subjects of the book as happening over time. The books are, in reality, just like infinite holographic crystals of each individual state of all of timeless reality. This is only ever experienced by life that will die over time, as the Universal Jeweled Wisdom Library of Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection. It’s impossible to “understand” it, so don’t worry. 

It can seem as though Thought-feelings themselves are actually radiating out of Timeless Webbed Infinitude and taking place as all of the causes and conditions for the display to occur as it does right Now. The thoughts come from nowhere, nobody, and have no identity and simultaneously all identities and so on. In other words, they arise out of their own timeless webbed infinitude of infinite perfection. From the point of view of sentient beings, thoughts arise from the resultant ignorance of having become a sentient being inside a neutral universe. From the point of view of Wisdom, thoughts arise from the sentient beings who arise from the universe that arises to display this exact moment of Now in all of its glorious conditions of infinite non-contradictory combinatorial perfection (which in a sense exists a priori as “intellectual reality” or reality of pure appearances of suchness, things as they are). In other words, the display of causes and conditions called Wisdom Mind, including thought-feelings (ie reality), is like a perfect crystal ball simulating the “superlogically perfect Now” that only lasts for a moment, but at the same time can be accessed by awakening beings (as the wisdom mind replete with infinite perfection’s qualities). To be very clear, it’s as if a sentient being’s thoughts-feelings have coordinate values and awakened beings can orient themselves to any given sentient being’s coordinates, through their own mind, and simply reveal to those types of sentient beings the directions for discovering awakening within themselves. 


Break through Investigation:

Where do thoughts come from? 
They come from wisdom mind 

Even so-called deluded thoughts 
ultimately come from wisdom mind

Wisdom mind is as if 
Identityless Wisdom mind is reading a book called “Your life” 
while reading every conceivable version of Your life, 
including all the “Other lives” relative to Your life
(and their volumes)
And all the conditions of their realities

Where is Wisdom Mind? I don’t know. 
Is it “out there”? I think so. 
Where is “out there”? Somewhere not in me… 
— Well that can’t be right if Wisdom Mind is 
My own self’s true identity 
Identityless Wisdom… 

If it is not out there, meaning
If it’s not somewhere not in you, 
Then what — not where — is “out” of? 
“Outside of me.”

See that? 
That “me” that you suddenly suppose exists for wisdom to be outside of, but is somehow not your body or the external universe your body is in? How have you done that? 

How have you continually made that which is illusory so completely concrete? 
This is exactly the cause of delusion. 
Do you see, yet? If not, start over. 


When you see, rest in that recognition - you have the demons in the spotlight:
Now, examine very closely your entire experience of the current moment by simply remaining open and vulnerable within it. This is called Now. 

As your experience of Now stabilizes, ask yourself 
“What do I know that is outside of my own display of “being who I am” in the now?” 

Nothing. 

Go ahead and try to answer this question with all your might. You will not be able to answer without resorting to the same fallacious process as before, creating a self that is separate from the display. 

