The process of developing emergency flow engines is described by the hero’s journey. It starts with deciding to try to be a hero in the context of being a person a certain way you are being that is not in accord with what we need to be doing and also not in accord with what you need to be doing and also not in accord with what they are doing but is something they shouldn’t be doing. Then you see a dragon in the dreamlights, but it’s so real that you feel like you woke up and there was a snake in your bed. So you meet the dragon and it attacks you. Then you start improvising and start doing a little bit of what you should be doing. Through trial and error, you eventually realize you have mastery over the dragon because the dragon is only attacking when you are doing what you shouldn’t be doing. When you know the dragon’s nature, the hallucination of attack collapses and then you realize the dragon was only attacking because it was guarding the Sanctuary of life. Then the hallucinations increase and the dragon introduces you to the evil dragons. You fight the evil dragons but they overpower you and capture the good dragon and the life waters. You realize the power of the dragon is inside you by learning about non-contradictory systems and you gain mastery over hallucinations by learning about Sanctuary systems. Then you go to fight the evil dragons and fully release the good dragon for the benefit of society. This starts with gathering your team and then storming the castle, whereupon the power of the evil dragons has grown, but your team can win their battles with their skills and you can improvise a new emergency building concatenation from your wisdom Maverick’s emergency engine named Olivus Victory-Promise better than the Demon Champion of evil dragons in the Wasteland Empire of Ignorance can and you overpowered the evil and win. 
Then you release the life waters from the good dragon, bringing Sanctuary to others via the elixir of “immortal life”, the self-assured continuity of human evolution. When this enters society, new civilizations emerge. 
This is called a myth and any specific myth is called a mythology. 
When you create a mythology a certain way, it can create a Sanctuary system feedback loop between the different synergies of Sanctuary and this is a certain type of emergency engine because Sanctuary is a certain type of emergency engine anyway. The result is a new type of Sanctuary called a civilization with a cultural mythology. The story universe of Sanctuary is a hypothetical example of one such feedback loop. The characters of these mythologies are called Culture Heroes. 

Encryption keys are related to the way we discover emergents (maybe emergent engines) without(?) knowing the parts(?)


Qubits are a type of realizable instance that instantiates the class called Polysemic core

Primes may be related to emergency engines 

Remainders in division may be related to functionals in a dual space

(A superposition S exists with the possibility of 10^1234(?) poses

Needs 4100 qubits in dataset 1 and 2050 qubits in dataset 2 

G is a guess about a solution to a problem in the context of a specific purpose; N is a variable that most likely doesn’t share factors with G -> raise set of all G to the power of each synergy in the domain (set of what you know about the domain of G) divided by N -> store the remainder in a second set. Now the two sets are entangled. Each remainder with the recurring pattern of niceness is a possible emergency flow process. 

Lattice math related to encryption is about Informatihedron neighborhoods

3D lattice math related to decryption is related to domain decay in spacetime

But how to find the context for the polysemic core that is an answer you want? Look for the Sanctuary System

The knowledge about the wisdom Maverick is very closely related to the symbolism of King Kesar. 

How does the concept of wisdom mavericks change the situation of the tragedy of the commons? 

Intelligence is a human perception of a degree of evolution of a wisdom Maverick 

