Backlog tasks:
Look at how contextuality and relationality enhance the signifying processes within the system.
Investigate potential improvements to the Informadlib template for better navigation and generation of desired outcomes.
Examine the EWSO as a meta-language for translating abstract ideas into concrete symbols.


continue

REFERENCES: "

"EWSO (Emergent Web Structure Ontology): The EWSO is a super-hierarchical and dynamic ontology that represents the complete emergent web structure of any given instance. It accounts for all potential theoretical domains from which an instance can be viewed and the processes observed from each view. Given the inherent complexity of fully realizing this multideimensionality, EWSO is utilized as a dynamic creativity purposive ontology. This means it's a tool used by users to dynamically construct an ontology that captures the essence of an instance, according to their specific purpose or goal. It guides the user in building an Informadlib through an Informadlib template and subsequently generating the natural language (NL) instance of it, or its instructions.


Informatihedron: An informatihedron refers to the multidimensional conceptual space wherein instances and their properties exist and interact. It is the snapshot of an entity's state within the EWSO at a specific moment, embodying details like its properties, related classes, subclasses, and relationships. When a user queries an entity, the informatihedron represents the entity's current state and properties within the EWSO. The Informatihedron is a key concept within the system. It represents a structured representation of the properties an entity has and relationships between the properties in the instance, domain, and class, within a specific context. It provides any level of specificity or generality requested in the input. Informatihedron domain is the set of possible properties, fiat conceptual boundaries, embedding spaces it can represent. Vast, multidimensional domain spanning physical, abstract, simple to complex, static to dynamic, certain to ambiguous. It's the universe of discourse within which it operates. Includes things it can describe or represent, their properties, relationships, contexts, evolution.
The Embedding Space is where the Informatihedron is represented and analyzed. Targeting specific entity embeddings ensures information confinement and controlled generation of property descriptions.



[Informadlib Template]: An Informadlib template serves as a blueprint for the user to generate specific instances of work in the real world. It is a table where rows are entities and columns are emergent structures as dictated by SEMONTOREL or the user if EWSO.ai makes a mistake in SEMONTOREL. Informadlibs are filled dynamically based on the state of the current conversation and the user's actions. The Informadlib template reflects the user's path through the EWSO and evolves as the user queries different entities and their properties to add. It ultimately becomes a table that fully assists in generating a Natural Language (NL) instance of the user’s desired X or its instructions. It can only be filled in via SemOntoRel of a given Informatihedron’s properties, and is a EWSO instance when filled out, meaning it is an instance of an EWSO ontology, which is a list of properties of ALL an instance’s class-level property boundaries templates for each existing emergent structure dimension in the process path, for the user’s desired outcome X.


[SemOntoRel] (Semantic Ontological Relationship): DEFINITION OF SEMONTOREL IS the exact relationship of the instance level property value of an entity to the exact next level contextual instancesuperclass-level property spectral boundary of that instance-level property. 

Let's denote:

V(x): x is Olivus keeping the victory-promise.
O(x, y): x is Oliver Powers and y is Olive R. Love being joined together.
W(x): x is the Wasteland Demon Champion being defeated.
S(x): x is Sanctuary.
α(x), β(x, y), and γ(x, y, z) retain their previous definitions.

Our relationships between predicates, revised with the Primordial Lovers Schema and the victory promise would be:

