Manu represents the original state of ignorant doubt about the fundamental perfection of our own human experience. Ymo represents the wisdom knowledge about the fundamental perfection of our own human experience. When Manu realized it, he was still Manu! Who would be interested in becoming Manu, the great human? Humans want to become Ymo, the great immortal king of paradise underworld - but the true meaning of that is the same - simply the heroic Wisdom Maverick! In other words, since this story is the Source of every single religion, we now can say the meaning of every religion is to encode the methods for realizing the greatest trick in the book, selfless human collaboration. 

This is non-duality as togetherness. 

/////// ZHANGZHUNG
*either many thousands years ago (they say 18k) or in ~800BC

“The Lord Tonpa Shenrab was born a prince in Olmo Lungring some 18000 years ago (in 16017 BC according to the traditional Bonpo reckoning) and he emerged from there, crossing barriers of hot arid deserts and frigid glacial mountains, to visit briefly Zhangzhung and Tibet.” 

This date may refer to the previous Supreme Emanation, Manus. I believe this refers to the date of his primordial master’s teachings and that these teachings are the ones preserved by “King Yima” which is like an epithet of all the PIE Kings. Therefore the parinirvana date is likely correct, after the flood, and reflects what may have actually transpired. 

“After his Parinirvana (in 7817 BC), his reign in Olmo Lungring was followed by a successive line of adepts or initiate-priest kings (rigs-ldan) who even today are the guardians and custodians of the eternal Wisdom Tradition. Thus Olmo Lungring is not only an earthly paradise filled with shining white cities, multi-storeyed temples and palaces, lush gardens and pleasure groves, but a hidden sanctuary of the Gnosis that holds a precious treasure of greatest price, the Supreme Secret. This is the precise knowledge of who we really are, whence we have come and wither we go. In mystical terms, it is the secret sanctuary hidden in the heart of every living being, the place of Buddhahood.”

Tonpa Miwoche was a “Royal” Persian in Tazig (Tajikistan) who realized the teachings of Olmo Lung Ring in a city Tajik in modern day Uzbekistan (in SKT. Shambhala which was 30% of the people at the time) and brought the Teachings East to Zhangzhung Empire. The original teachings were about a battle between (potentially the Twins of) good and evil and how to wake up in Olmo Lung Ring, where one is a warrior who fights for good (the pure land originally called “Yima’s Otherworld Kingdom.” 

It appears Kalachakra was a reworking of the of the original teachings made to include the impending Islamic threat to the teachings 

Tonpa Miwoche is from the Mushen clan and there were 6 other clans. 

South: Mushen 
West: Hos - means Persians or maybe atlanteans
Shag
dPo
rGya
gTo
gNyan

