OVP: The Complete YouTube Plan

OUTTRO: “And remember, the only question that matters is: what kind of Sanctuary do you want to live in?”

TO DO TO FINISH THIS:
1) Go thru Mtg w Nathalie, YouTube Value Ladder, YouRube, and others to get all the content and ideas (DONE)
Go thru different ideas and keep collating them into buckets
2) KEEP THEM ORGANIZED instead of putting them in here 
3) once organized, put them in here

Channel template
About
“Hey, I’m Olivus!”
Playlists
WakingDreamer
LifeStory
Greatest Fears
Greatest Hopes
Favorite memories
Achievements and Meanings
OVP 
Aspirations
Inner Revolution: OMNISANC Journey Preparation
Reason you prepare is so that when your experiments start getting results, you are ready to go to Sanctuary. It’s better to be ready because it can be really intense and the Inner Revolution helps to keep a general boundary of calm.
Core Daily Practice
Keeping the Victory-Promise
Auxiliary Daily Practices
Cultivation
Benefits
Cognitive Enhancement: Regular meditation helps reduce stress, anxiety, and mental clutter. This enhanced clarity and reduced cognitive load make it easier to focus and absorb complex concepts when learning The Sanctuary System and AI in general.
Self-Awareness and Motivation: Meditation fosters introspection and a deeper understanding of one's desires and motivations. This self-knowledge translates into more powerful, resonant aspirations.  Aspirations are the fuel for designing effective prompts and building truly compelling AI agents.
Concentration: Meditation increases concentration. When constructing AI or trying to help oneself overcome mental obstacles, concentration is CRUCIAL to staying contextualized, and the strength and duration of your concentration will be directly related to how much you can output. In other words, when working with very complex and uncertain scenarios, you can leverage meditation into an edge.
Journaling
Outer Revolution: OMNISANC Applications Research
AI
Prompt Engineering
Agent Programming
Cognitive Architectures
How to make a mind
What is the Nature of Mind?
How is the Nature of Mind?
How do you reify it in a reconstruction?
Storytelling
What is Metaphor?
What happens when Metaphor becomes Allegory?
PIO Programming
SuperHero’s Journey
Demon Champion
OVA Obstacles
Practice Obstacles
Keeping the Victory-Promise
Cultivation
Journaling
Shadow work
OVA
Presentation of OMNISANC Experiment Results
THE SANCTUARY SYSTEM
OMNISANC Value Chain
Victory-Everything Chain
Video Template
Video Style
Dan Koe
Scripted
Serious motivational tone of voice
Black and white aesthetic (minimalist)
Constant loop back to funnel
Beats
Alex Becker
Loose script
Miro board
Serious motivational elite bro tone of voice
Getting it done aesthetic
Constant loop back to reasoning about falling into the funnel
Beats
Alex Hormozi
White board
Teaching
How it works
Very personable and like “duh, right?”
Beats
VISUAL BEATS
SANC LOGO .5 SECOND
Dan Koe style OR Alex Hormozi style
Use Miro
Hand-draw stuff beforehand
Do videos explaining it
When I get comfortable, Alex Becker style
SANC LOGO .5 SECOND

