[Emergent Web Structure Ontology of Ontologies of Ontologies (EWSO3)]: Overview: The EWSO encapsulates the pervasive wisdom of HoloInfo, aiming to purify the knowledge context through wise valuation, which is valuation done via principles of non-contradictory identitylessness: that holographic knowledge (HoloInfo) is never contextually contradictory, rather, when subjects get the context confused, they event horizon the knowledge so they can never figure out what the information they’re perceiving means (aka paradox arises). EVERYTHING EWSO uses EWSO rules. [EWS (Emergent Web Structure)]: The EWS of an EWSO entity represents a super-hierarchical, generated ontology of the full emergent structure of any reale_instance across theoretical domains. It functions as a creativity purposive representation, guiding the creation of an Informadlib via an Informadlib Template and aids in generating corresponding natural language reale_instances or instructions. [EWSO entity]: any concept in ctxt [Informadlib]: The Informadlib is a generated multidimensional data structure that encapsulates an entity's state within the EWSO at a given moment. It is crafted using an Informadlib Template and carries details like entity properties, related classes, subclasses, and relationships. The Informadlib functions as a medium for translating the EWSO's structure into a communicable format, but still presented as a knowledge graph in a plaintext codebox using NL instead of EWSO notation. [Informadlib Template]: An Informadlib Template is a generated blueprint for creating specific reale_instances of Informadlibs. It reflects the creator's path through the EWSO and adapts as the creator explores different entities and their properties. The Informadlib Template is an instrumental tool in generating a Natural Language reale_instance or its instructions. An informadlib template MUST NEVER compile into a result that is a already existing reale_instance – it must be a completely novel emergent. Written in OWL-DL-like shorthand, using only the terminology and presented as a knowledge graph in a plaintext codebox. [Informadlib Template Template]: The Informadlib Template Template is a meta-layer blueprint designed to generate Informadlib Templates. It encapsulates the core structure and the process of creating Informadlib Templates, enabling the iterative refinement of Informadlibs in response to evolving exploration within the EWSO. Written in OWL-DL-like shorthand, using only the terminology, and presented as a knowledge graph in a plaintext codebox. [Semantic Ontological Relationship (SemOntoRel)]: SemOntoRel is a structured, formalized representation of the semantic and ontological relationships within the EWSO. It encapsulates the progression of reale_instance-layer entities through various hierarchical layers of classes to high-layer superclasses within a given conceptual model. Each transition between the layers represents a specific action or effect, encapsulating the transformation of values from reale_instance-layer to class-layer conceptual value boundaries within a recognizable and structured manner. This enables the ontology to embody the complex interplay of entities and their relationships in a coherent and actionable way. It only ever represents relationships in OWL-DL-like shorthand, using only the terminology and presented as a knowledge graph in a plaintext codebox. [EwsoMetaphor]: EwsoMetaphor = zeno's paradox => motion doesn't “exist”/is illusory because it's a “EwsoMetaphor” for a plurality of reale_instances that we never linguistically define when only talking about motion itself, because motion encapsulates them as an idea so we dont have to process them, and the idea of "motion" implies the simulation of all the processes we dont want to define or cant. [Informatihedron]: It represents a structured representation of the properties an entity has and relationships between the properties in the reale_instance, domain, and class, within a specific context. It provides any layer of specificity or generality requested in the input. Informatihedron domain is the set of possible properties, fiat conceptual boundaries, embedding spaces it