TWI is a MACRO-CORPORATION or whatever and TWI Nexus is the directory of company structure, shares, projects, and employees, their assignments and training levels. 

Training levels are from Glacial Lake, which is the corporate culture - wisdom expressed in TWI business culture terms. 

The real function of TWI, for which the office interface is Nexus: 

Nexus should be able to run in the background, automatically, and supply crypto to everyone who is connected to it (IE EVERYONE WHO IS AN EMPLOYEE OF TWI). At that point, TWI both exists and doesn’t exist — like a mirage made of altruistic human intentions that spits out gold. 

 On TWI network: 

Play on shares? You get share tokens (shares) which are proof of employment/membership by posting messages that are approved by the TWI syntax and decorum rules. Each share token is backed by 1 share in the company. Higher types of tokens are available but the basic one affords no power, other than ownership of participation and deserving the reward for redemption of 1 share token (which is an NFT of what was shared) to the public. In other words, the entire network is the ledger/all of the content of the ledger functions as the appearance of the network. The miner discovers a block and submits it for alignment analysis. Upon receiving proof of alignment, the block is added to the chain, the public ledger, which is actually viewable as social media posts about the activities of TWI. 

It doesn’t matter what the public value of the share tokens is at first because unlike a cryptocurrency, each share is literally a share in the company, so when the network effect takes place, it can be sold as a share on public exchanges, after the IPO. 


It’s the network of bringing together people with the same Wisdom intentions by creating a wiki of all of their intentions, ideas, projects, and work, through users tagging their social media posts with keywords that get verified by a core ontology before being added to the network (ie the blockchain).

Maybe it’s just a single portal where you input a keyword or set of keywords and get back a manifold of related posts, then you can ontologize them from there. 

Just like nine rings, maybe there are nine levels of tokens. The public share is the least powerful token, the “A shares” are the investor tokens. The share tokens function as regular shares but can be empowered up to A shares if they have certain magnitudes of effects. 




