May the Sound of Sanctuary limitlessly expand throughout Timeless Webbed Infinitude’s Infinite Perfection. 

MAIN:

Just tune in for a second to the intuition you actually have of the true extent of the universal myriad experiences of suffering (add explanation of how it happens from input to output). Feel that. 

Now,

Simultaneously, and this is key, rouse the aspiration that all of those consciousnesses experiencing obstacles to happiness that are causing suffering involved in those experiences discover exact overcome solutions to those obstacles, and continue their journeys towards happiness. 

Simultaneously, and this is also key, immolate your ego in order to find all of those solutions, yourself, by going through the same suffering willingly in order to bring back the “elixir”. 

Simultaneously, and this is also key, blaze forth with that TWI discipline to exert the willpower to actually search for instances of obstacle destruction engines in your own life and give those instructions to others in a way that compounds their effectiveness via networks. 


Real Action:

Do so via websites and social media, by telling your story in a vulnerable and human way that preserves the possibility that anyone at all who is in the same Avatar position as you were in the Ordinary World, could do it, too. 
This is benefit. Benefit is cultivation. 

Now go cultivate. 




I wrote this in Marietta, Georgia, USA, Earth, Milky Way, on my mother’s 63rd birthday, around 10am, after reading my lineage Guru, Dudjom R III Pema Zhepa la’s, address from giving the empowerments around 2015 era at Samye Memorial, and finding much competition in the arena of the Bodhichitta projects that arose in my mind. Sanctuary Secret Gathering Cycle was also in need of a powerful ritual text for emergent launching. The pith instruction is to generate the victory-promise, focus aspiring Victory-Ability, apply the powerful means of transformation of ultimate compassionate behavior in the form of TWI, timeless webbed infinitude’s true wisdom intent of TGS Wisdom of Identitylessness, and then giving that endlessly, attain applied Victory-Ability via ThinkMine Winning Institute, and instantiate Victory-Everything Chain via The World Incorporated. 


If one sees the messages written between the cracks, won should right two. 