BLOCKCHAIN: CRYPTOCURRENCY
In the specific case of cryptocurrencies, blockchains are used generally to store the data which comprises a publicly accessible distributed ledger (all the data, while ‘anonymized’ is quite literally viewable by anyone who wishes to look). This ledger primarily includes records of transactions of certain amounts of fungible tokens (digital data objects that are identical to each other) between participants on the network which are referenced by ‘wallet addresses’ (unique string of numbers and letters). In order to verify all of these transactions (and most importantly to prevent the “double-spending” of the tokens) the participant nodes of the network run the aforementioned network protocols which comprise the consensus mechanism (proof-of-work, proof-of-stake, etc.). By doing this, the ledger data which is written onto new blocks of the chain is collaboratively verified/validated. This process is referred to as mining, because a small amount of the kind of tokens which are used on the network are given as a reward to the node participants for their efforts. The rewarded tokens are in some cases literally created anew during this process, and in other cases garnered as a fee from those who are transacting across the network, and redistributed to those who are paying the cost (computational or otherwise) to “secure” (verify through consensus) the network.

P1 - §4:
BLOCKCHAIN: OTHER USES AND FEATURES
One of the original proposed uses of blockchains was as a method to ensure that the timestamps on documents in a given shared database could not be tampered with. This is still a valid use-case today, and generally speaking blockchains, when used on a network and verified through consensus mechanisms, are a very good way of storing, distributing, and securing the data and metadata related to any kind of document or data-structure. In this way, blockchains can do a lot more than encode transactions of fungible tokens. For example, a blockchain can support a kind of protocol between two or more agents called a Smart Contract, which allows terms of engagement (including any number of stipulations relating to elapsed time, the transaction of funds, or the fulfillment of specific criteria) to be automatically executed and enforced, without the need of a trusted third-party. Additionally blockchains can support the verification of ownership and transaction of data objects called “non-fungible tokens” (NFT) which have an asset-like quality similar to cryptocurrencies (fungible tokens) but are distinct in that they contain/encode entirely unique pieces of data, and are therefore not identical to each other.

P1 - §5:
BLOCKCHAIN: CONCLUSION
Generally speaking, blockchain technology is considered to be advantageous in the cases in which it is employed, because it is “decentralized”. In other words, it does not rely on any central authority to verify and store the ledger records. This is particularly salient in what are called “permissionless/public” blockchains (where anyone can participate and use the network and its resources). However, “permissioned/private” blockchains also exist and can be a powerful tool for private enterprise and governments who may need to track and secure records about any number of complex and interrelated sets of data (e.g. supply chains, etc.). In the private case, the “trustless” nature of the consensus mechanisms that secure the data on the network is not necessarily very important (since the nodes which do this are typically owned and operated by the private entity itself), but the decentralization of the records across many nodes in the network is still a huge advantage in many different cases with regards to data security, validity, and fault/error tolerance.

PART 2:
What connects to blockchain?

DApp: Decentralized Application
	A DApp is an application that runs on a blockchain. Specifically, the DApp’s code is stored and executed on a blockchain network and it is therefore able