 one’s point to the next then we’re allowed to go anywhere inside of the transformation space because the transformation space is a transformation space and has no obstacles once you know how to maneuver inside of it once you know how to navigate a transformation space with a basic algorithm all you have to do is construct the meta-space there there is no other thing other than navigating and logging what is actually there in other words building a map. This map then gets crystallized into validated accord with reality. This opens up adjacent spaces. So now you see how we can actually mind the knowledge of every single thing that exists. But not only how we can minor, but how we can converted into actually instance real objects that affect our reality, and we can do this arbitrarily throughout time without having to go through all of the transformation pathways that are normally instance through evolution and human lives, where we engage in various types of economies to actualize this instances out of the out of the Intellectual space. 


Economics:
requires a very long term view which  immediate stress impedes, which is also related to why and how hyperinflation happens versus when a healthy economy prints tons of money - there’s no basis for a good projection, so it just looks bad, whereas with the good basis, the routing is known and there is confidence in growth forecasts

It’s important to garden people and money. They need to be watered at the same time and with each other. Gardening people means programming them with PIO and showing them TWI and helping them open up and metamorphose into OVP and OVA. Of course, we check how much someone wants it by asking them to pay us - making an offer. That’s the polite way. The impolite way is by forcefully controlling their minds through the media and indirect narratives started as intelligence operations. 

OVERALL:

The decompressed is the EWS of X

In the Sanctuary System, the fundamental nature of reality is beyond the conception of DUAL and NON-DUAL. It is BOTH the physical components emerging from patterns of relationships AND the reconstructed reality of observing them. This means the physical cannot be separated from the mental reconstructions of reified phenomena called sensation, but also that sensation does not come FROM the mind, but rather comes from reality, itself, being the way it is, as such. This suchness is as follows: anything existing must be composed of physical parts at some point and the physical parts arise on the basis of non-physical things that can only be recognized via abstractions. This is not contradictory to the fact that there is_a reality, but rather just explains that reality is only known through collapse of emergent complexity into order, insofar as order can be attained, insofar as it pertains to the purposes of the ordering agent. It points to a transcendental intellectual and real, complex intersected coordinate space of reality transformations, which can be called the overall Sanctuary. In Overall Sanctuary, within which the super-duality of dualism and non-dualism occurs as part of being intelligent (which is defined as sensing emergents, ie sensing reality). Through sensing reality, we reconstruct reality’s forces and interactions, and we reify them into systems that granify the ability to sense reality, which is how we know it is continually being real. Within the collapse sequence of comprehensions based in duality lies non-duality, and within the collapse sequence of comprehensions based in non-duality lies the super-duality, which again collapses into overall Sanctuary (on account of the duality never having been real, and so the achievement of recognition of the non-duality itself never having been possible, and yet appearing and happening just like that, automatically). This entire instantiation pattern reflects the pattern of flows and chains instantiating each other as duality-based dual-loops. Like theoretical physics, this indicates that the Sanctuary System is not only real, but fundamental.


