Melanie's eyes widen in shock as she processes what she's seeing. Kevin's face drains of color, his mind racing to formulate an explanation.
KEVIN (stammering) I can...I mean...it's not...
But no coherent words come out.
CUT TO BLACK.
The silence lingers, leaving the audience to speculate on how Kevin will navigate this predicament. As the credits begin to roll, it's clear that the adventure for Kevin and Zion is far from over.
GREAT, BUT REWRITE and have Kevin's phone go off with a text from his boss that someone ordered all the baby furniture for his new baby.... Bought out the entire line. Kevin gets a promotion.... and when he goes to show Melanie, excitedly, that's when the snap notification from the girls comes in
ChatGPT
INT. KEVIN'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
Suddenly, Kevin's phone on the table lights up, a TEXT MESSAGE notification popping on the screen from Kevin's BOSS.
Kevin's face lights up as he reads the text out loud.
KEVIN (excited) "Someone ordered the entire baby furniture line! You've just made a huge sale, Kevin. Congratulations on your promotion!"
Melanie looks at him, surprised but pleased.
Before Kevin can revel in the moment, another notification pops up, this time a SNAPCHAT notification from the Snap Girls.
Kevin's grin freezes as he sees the Snapchat icon, but it's too late. Melanie, curious, has already grabbed the phone and opens the message.
ON THE PHONE SCREEN - SNAPCHAT VIDEO
A montage of Kevin's wild escapades from the night unfolds - Kevin performing on stage with Playboi Carti, the banner set ablaze, crowd surfing, and the mad dash with Zion, all framed by the electrifying atmosphere of Rolling Loud.
BACK TO:
Melanie's eyebrows shoot up in shock as she watches the footage. The color drains from Kevin's face, and he struggles to find words.
KEVIN (stammering) That is... um... well, see...
But words escape him. The reality of his adventure exposed, the thrill of his professional triumph fades into the background.
FADE OUT.
The suspense hangs in the air as the audience is left to wonder how Kevin will untangle himself from this spectacular twist. As the credits roll, it's clear that Kevin's and Zion's adventure has only just begun.
rewrite the following in FDX format:INT. PLAYBUS - SAME Kevin sits in despair, the weight of his mistakes heavy on his shoulders.Carti studies him with newfound respect. PLAYBOI CARTI You know, Kev... Seeing you go to these lengths for your boy... It's real. Respect. I’m a dad myself. It’s hard work. Kevin gazes at Carti, gratitude and pain etched on his face. KEVIN Thanks, Carti. But I... I messed up big time. I endangered my son's life...twice now. My wife’s going to divorce me and child services is probably going to make sure I never see him again. He’ll get some step dad that’s great at math and Zion will forget about me... my friends are in festival jail... and I... I’m definitely going to lose my job... His voice trails off, the hopelessness of his situation sinking in. Carti, however, isn't fazed. KEVIN I’m supposed to sell some smart baby furniture and I have no idea how. It’s all new technology, and bluetooth and I’m getting phased out of the only thing I know. PLAYBOI CARTI That sounds dope. Where do you work? KEVIN Raymour and Flannagan. PLAYBOI CARTI I love Raymour and Flannagan. KEVIN Really? PLABOI CARTI Where do you think all this furniture is from? Kevin looks around. KEVIN Oh yeah, that’s our RF 267 loveseat. I was there when they created it. PLAYBOI CARTI That’s rockstar shit. He turns to his burly bodyguard, signaling him over. PLAYBOI CARTI (to Burly Bodyguard) Yo, Ty. You see my man, Kevin here? Whatever he needs. Handle it.
ChatGPT
INT. PLAYBOI CARTI'S TOUR BUS - SAME
Kevin sinks into one of the plush seats, his face filled with despair. Carti watches him, his expression one of respect and understanding.
PLAYBOI CARTI You know, Kev... Seeing the lengths you'd go for your boy... That's real. I’m a dad too, man. It ain't easy.
Kevin glances up at Carti, his face a mix of gratitude and pain.
