rewrite the following scene in FDX, but build the tension as much as possible between Kevin and the guards and receptionist before Chad bursts in. Make the security guards keep telling Kevin to calm down and relax, etc.... which only makes Kevin get more stressed our and scared and panicked ///EXT. SECURITY TENT - ROLLING LOUD VENUE - NIGHT Kevin rushes up to the receptionist, sweat dripping. KEVIN (out of breath) Excuse me, ma'am! I need your help. My son is missing. The receptionist, a young woman with a calm demeanor, listens attentively as she begins taking down the report. RECEPTIONIST (concerned) Okay, sir. Please calm down. KEVIN We were at the festival, and I turned around for just a moment, and he's gone. I've been searching everywhere, but I can't find him. The receptionist's fingers fly over the keyboard as she starts documenting the information. RECEPTIONIST What's your son's name? KEVIN (panicked) His name is Zion. He's thirteen. RECEPTIONIST (eyes him sternly) You need to be sixteen. KEVIN I know, but... Just as Kevin is about to answer, the SECURITY GUARD who let them in spots Kevin. SECURITY GUARD 1 Hey, you told me your son was sixteen. Feeling the pressure, Kevin decides to stick to his lie. KEVIN Um...he is. He is sixteen. However the FIRST SECURITY GUARD appears. SECURITY GUARD 2 (angry) Hold on a minute! I distinctly remember you telling me your son was 13 earlier. RECEPTIONIST What’s going on here, sir? Kevin's face turns red with embarrassment, realizing he's caught in a lie. He takes a deep breath -- KEVIN (admitting) You're right. My son is actually 13. I... I lied. I'm sorry. The security guards exchange a disapproving look, their skepticism evident. SECURITY GUARD 1 (disapproving) You knowingly provided false information, putting your child at risk. That's a violation of Section 273a of the Penal Code. Do you realize the consequences? SECURITY GUARD 2 (threateningly) I should call child protective services on you right now! KEVIN (losing defensive) I didn't realize there was an age restriction. SECURITY GUARD 1 Calm down, sir. KEVIN I’m calm. I just wanted to bond with my son, I never meant to put him in danger. The security guards remain unmoved, their authority resolute. Just as they move to handcuff Kevin, the atmosphere becomes charged with tension.
ChatGPT
EXT. SECURITY TENT - ROLLING LOUD VENUE - NIGHT
Kevin rushes up to the receptionist, sweat dripping down his face, his voice filled with desperation.
KEVIN (out of breath) Excuse me, ma'am! I need your help. My son is missing!
The receptionist, a young woman with a calm demeanor, tries to maintain her composure as she listens attentively. She starts taking down the report, her fingers flying over the keyboard.
RECEPTIONIST (concerned) Okay, sir. Please try to calm down. I'm here to help you.
Kevin tries to take deep breaths, but his panic is palpable.
KEVIN We were at the festival, and I turned around for just a moment, and he's gone. I've been searching everywhere, but I can't find him!
The receptionist maintains her professional demeanor but furrows her brow.
RECEPTIONIST What's your son's name?
KEVIN (panicked) His name is Zion. He's thirteen!
RECEPTIONIST (eyes him sternly) You need to be sixteen to attend this festival. Are you sure about his age?
Kevin's panic intensifies, and he stumbles over his words.
KEVIN I... I thought it would be okay. He looks older than his age, you know...
Just as Kevin is about to answer, the SECURITY GUARD who initially let them in spots Kevin and approaches, a mix of confusion and annoyance on his face.
SECURITY GUARD 1 (frowning) Hey, you told me your son was sixteen. Is there a problem?
Kevin's heart pounds in his chest, realizing he's caught in a lie. He takes a deep breath, trying to regain his composure.
KEVIN (faltering) Um... he is sixteen. I must have misspoke earlier.
However, the FIRST SECURITY GUARD re-enters the tent, his expression incredulous as he spots Kevin.
SECURITY GUARD 2 (angry) Hold on a minute! I distinctly remember you telling me your son was 13 earlier. What's the truth?
Kevin's face turns red with embarrassment, feeling the weight of his dishonesty.
