This is what I have so far. Please tell me how I'm doing: "ROLLING LOUD by Jeremy Garelick My son, Zion, has always faced challenges. He had ADHD, and anxiety, and often needed a shadow in class. He was a biter. Loved smacking himself in the head. My wife and I had been in and out of therapists and various schools, but nothing seemed to help him. Despite these challenges, Zion was always a fighter, and his passion for music helped him cope with the difficulties he faced. He was like ‘OMG!’ Rolling Loud is coming to LA! As a protective and slightly overbearing father, I was hesitant to let him (a 13 year old) attend such a large and overwhelming event. However, my persistent son eventually convinced me to take him to the festival. What followed was a wild and unforgettable adventure that included getting lost in the crowd, accidentally joining a mosh pit, and stumbling upon unexpected performances and encounters with other festival-goers. While the experience was certainly overwhelming, it was also eye-opening and allowed me to see a side of hip-hop culture that I had never experienced before. As I reflect on that experience, I realize that it inspired a movie that explores the struggle between a father's protectiveness and a son's desire for independence, set against the backdrop of one of the largest hip-hop festivals in the world. I hope you enjoy this treatment and can relate to the themes and experiences that inspired it. OUTLINE: Opening Image: So we open on Jeremy (47), the protective dad, trying to help his son, Zion (13), with his math homework. Jeremy's sweating bullets as he tries to solve algebraic equations and word problems, but Zion's not making things any easier. The kid's glued to his phone, scrolling through the Rolling Loud festival lineup, clearly not interested in what his old man's trying to teach him. “When’s Mommy coming home?” “I don’t know. Can we focus here? It’s late. I’m tired.” We establish that there’s clearly something going on with Jeremy and his wife that he doesn’t want to discuss. Jeremy's struggling to power through the homework., throwing out guesses and hoping for the best, but he's not fooling anyone. Zion can see right through his dad's attempts to cover up his lack of math skills, and he's not impressed. Suddenly, Zion's phone lights up with the announcement of the Rolling Loud festival. His eyes light up with excitement – ZION (Excitedly) Dad, Rolling Loud just announced their lineup. Can we go? Please? JEREMY I don’t know what you’re saying. I can’t understand what you’re saying. ZION (Excitedly) Dad, Rolling Loud just announced their lineup. JEREMY (Confused) What's Rolling Loud? ZION (Surprised) You don't know what Rolling Loud is? JEREMY (Shrugs) Should I? ZION (Excitedly) It's only the biggest hip-hop festival in the world. All the best rappers are gonna be there. Travis Scott, Lil Uzi, Roddy Ricch, Megan Thee Stallion, Post Malone, you name it. JEREMY (Still skeptical) No. You’re not going somewhere to see someone called Lil Uzi Vert! Theme Stated: Jeremy tries to talk Zion out of it, but Zion is just heartbroken. The theme of the movie is introduced: the struggle between a father's protectiveness and a son's desire for independence. Jeremy is seen at his computer, researching Rolling Loud, when his wife Samantha comes home. It's clear that they're in the middle of a trial separation and trying to keep it from Zion. Although they both agree that Zion shouldn't go to Rolling Loud, there's tension between them, and neither of them is happy with their current lives. Jeremy goes into Zion’s bedroom to find him sleeping. Jeremy removes his son’s headphones, tucks him in, and gives him a kiss on the forehead. We see Jeremy at work, struggling to keep up with modern technology and social media. He has a friend and confidant at work, but it's clear that he's not doing great and that his job is at risk. Jeremy opens up the rolling loud website and eyes the ticket pricing options. Jeremy and Samantha sit down to eat dinner together, barely speaking. Zion comes downstairs with his computer and asks if he can speak to them. He sets up a PowerPoint presentation, trying to persuade his