Time passes at a painfully slow pace. Finally, they reach the front of the line, only to see all the portapotties occupied, except for one. In their panic, they squeeze into the single available one together.

INT. PORTAPOTTY - CONTINUOUS

The smell is overwhelming. Kevin goes first, Chad and Linda look away. Chad follows, then Linda.

Chad tries to encourage Linda.

CHAD
You got this, Linda! Hang in there!

Kevin's phone RINGS. It's his wife, Melanie. She's yelling about something Zion said on a butt-dial call.

KEVIN
(into phone)
No, no, we're at the theater... watching Avatar...

Melanie insists on talking to Zion. Kevin lies, says Zion is in the bathroom stall next to him.

Melanie demands to know which theater. Kevin makes up a theater far from their house, then tries to excuse what Zion said on the phone. Melanie doesn't believe him and gets furious.

KEVIN
(into phone)
No, wait!

The call ends. The door to the portapotty is stuck. Some teenage punks outside LAUGH.

They scramble to get out, trying to push through the roof vent. Kevin's leg plunges into the toilet.

KEVIN
Cut it off! Cut my leg off!

Chad and Linda pull him out. They all make it out, but Linda gets stuck halfway. A crowd gathers, LAUGHING at their predicament.

Kevin and Chad manage to unlock the door and pull Linda out. They stumble out of the portapotty, covered in filth and shame, but grateful to be free.

FADE OUT.

Please note that you'll need to copy this into Final Draft and then apply the correct formatting (character, dialogue, action, etc.) to each line. It's also worth noting that this conversation is fairly lengthy and complex, so it might be challenging to accurately convey the entire sequence visually on screen. You may need to simplify or condense some aspects of the story for it to translate effectively into a script format.
Write out the following, but include dialogue: EXT. PORTAPOTTIES - CONTINUOUS A long line of people wait, shifting from foot to foot, clearly desperate. Kevin, Chad, and Linda join the line, faces contorted with discomfort. Time passes at a painfully slow pace. Finally, they reach the front of the line, only to see all the portapotties occupied, except for one. In their panic, they squeeze into the single available one together.
ChatGPT
EXT. PORTAPOTTIES - CONTINUOUS
The line for the portapotties is torturously long. People waiting shuffle from foot to foot, trying to hide their discomfort. Kevin, Chad, and Linda join the end of the line. Their faces, like those in front of them, are a mixture of agony and embarrassment.
KEVIN (grimacing) How can the line be this long?
LINDA Well, it is a music festival...
Chad grimaces, clutching his stomach.
CHAD I can't believe this is happening...
They all share a look of despair as they realize their predicament. Time crawls as they shuffle forward in the line, each step forward a tiny victory.
Finally, after what feels like an eternity, they reach the front. To their horror, every portapotty is occupied... except for one. They share a panicked glance.
LINDA I'm not sure we have much of a choice...
Kevin nods, wincing.
KEVIN Better together than not at all, right?
Chad shrugs, his face pale.
CHAD At this point, I don't even care...
The three of them squeeze into the single available portapotty, shutting the door behind them with a resounding click. Their ordeal is just beginning.
add some dialogue while they're waiting
ChatGPT
EXT. PORTAPOTTIES - CONTINUOUS
A distressingly long line for the portapotties. Desperate attendees shift from foot to foot. Kevin, Chad, and Linda join the queue, visibly contorting their faces in discomfort.
KEVIN (clenching his teeth) I never thought I'd say this, but this is worse than the time I accidentally ate ghost peppers.
Linda laughs, though the sound is more strained than jovial.
LINDA Try having food poisoning on a 12-hour flight.
CHAD (interrupting) Guys, please, can we not talk about food?
They all share a look of despair as they realize their