Jeremy feels a hand on his shoulder and turns around to see a familiar face. It's a guy he went to high school with, named Chad. Chad is a big guy with a loud, boisterous personality, and he's clearly having the time of his life at Rolling Loud. "Hey man, what's going on? You look like you've lost your best friend," Chad says with a grin. "I lost my son," Jeremy replies, tears welling up in his eyes. Chad's expression changes to one of concern. "Oh man, that's tough. Let me help you look for him," he offers. Jeremy feels a glimmer of hope as Chad takes him under his wing. Chad has been to Rolling Loud several times and knows the festival grounds like the back of his hand. He leads Jeremy through the crowds, pointing out landmarks and places where Zion might have gone. As they search, Chad regales Jeremy with stories of his past Rolling Loud experiences. He tells him about the time he crowd-surfed during Travis Scott's set and the year he met Lil Wayne backstage. Jeremy starts to relax a little, grateful for the comic relief and distraction from his worries. After a while, they manage to make it up to the VIP section, where Shenseea is performing "Be Good" on stage. The crowd is going wild, and Chad encourages Jeremy to join in. "You gotta let loose, man! This is what Rolling Loud is all about," Chad says, handing Jeremy a drink. Jeremy hesitates for a moment, not wanting to be irresponsible, but he decides that he could use it. He takes a sip, then another, feeling the liquid warmth spreading through his body. As he watches Shenseea perform, he gets an idea. He'll try to get called onto the stage so he can do a hail mary shout out to Zion. Jeremy starts to fight his way onto the stage, but the bouncers hold him back. Chad comes to his aid, using his size to muscle his way through the crowd. Finally, Shenseea sees them and calls them onto the stage. The bouncers help them up, and Jeremy is about to grab the microphone when Shenseea starts to sing and pulls him into a twerk-off. He's a little messed up from the drink, but the crowd goes wild, and for a moment, Jeremy forgets all about his worries.

No. This should happen after Jeremy falls off the stage. Chad should come and help him. Also, Chad should try to convince him that Zion is safe and probably just wanted to have some free time without his embarrassing dad
ChatGPT
Sure, here's a possible rewrite:
Jeremy struggles to get back on his feet after falling off the stage. As he tries to compose himself, Chad, an old high school acquaintance and avid festival-goer, rushes over to help him up.
"Dude, are you okay?" Chad asks, trying to stifle a laugh.
Jeremy looks embarrassed but grateful for the help. "Thanks, man," he says, dusting himself off.
Chad notices the panic in Jeremy's eyes and asks him what's wrong. Jeremy tells him about Zion and how he's been searching for him all night.
Chad tries to reassure him. "Hey, man, I'm sure he's okay. Maybe he just wanted some time to explore on his own," he says.
Jeremy looks skeptical. "But he's only 13. What if something happened to him?"
Chad shrugs. "I don't know, man. But I'm sure he's safe. I've seen crazier stuff happen at this festival, and people usually make it out okay."
Jeremy starts to feel a little more hopeful. Maybe Chad is right. Maybe Zion is just off having fun and doesn't want to be bothered by his dad.
As they walk back into the crowd, Chad tries to lighten the mood. "Hey, man, you want to grab a drink? My treat."
Jeremy eyes him skeptically, remembering his earlier drink mishap. "I don't know, man. I don't want to be irresponsible."
Chad laughs. "Come on, live a little. It's Rolling Loud, after all."
Jeremy hesitates but then shrugs. Maybe a drink will help calm his nerves. "Okay, sure. One drink."
Chad grins. "That's the spirit, man."

This is great, but have a moment of Chad reminding Jeremy that they went to high school together and that he saw him on stage and needed to come say hello
ChatGPT
Sure! Here's a revised version:
