 uncomfortable, while Linda tries to maintain her composure and not let Chad's antics get to her. The girls start taking silly photos of themselves and sending them to Kevin. He can't help but chuckle at their antics and just as he starts to feel a little more relaxed, he's reminded of his mission to find Zion. With each passing moment, Kevin becomes increasingly aware of his wedding ring, a constant reminder of his commitment to his wife and the family he's trying to reunite. Finally, Kevin can't take it anymore and blurts out, "I'm married, you know." Tiffany laughs, responding with, "I know, silly. That's why I gave you Snapchat!"
ChatGPT
EXT. FESTIVAL GROUNDS - BOOZE TENT - NIGHT
Kevin, Chad, and Linda enjoy a brief moment of peace until two intoxicated girls, BRITTANY and TIFFANY, stumble over to them. The girls lock eyes with Kevin and approach the trio, seemingly undeterred by their bracelets.
CHAD (nudging Kevin, teasing) Looks like you've got some fans, man.
LINDA (rolling her eyes) Oh great, more distractions.
BRITTANY (giggling) Mind if we join you? You guys seem like a fun group.
KEVIN (hesitant) Um, sure. Pull up a chair.
As the group engages in conversation and flirting, Kevin senses they're being watched. His unease grows, but he tries to remain composed.
BRITTANY (excited) Oh my god, I recognize you! You were dancing with the little person during Shenseea's performance, right?
KEVIN, CHAD, and LINDA exchange concerned glances, realizing the girls are fixated on Kevin.
TIFFANY (teasing) Yeah, we heard you might have killed her with your dance moves. Just kidding, you were awesome up there!
The girls introduce themselves as BRITTANY and TIFFANY, both wearing "artists only" bracelets. Kevin's curiosity is piqued.
BRITTANY (flirting) You were so hot on stage, baby. I bet you can show us some moves.
CHAD (smiling) He's got some killer dance skills, that's for sure.
TIFFANY (smirking) You're a DILF, you know? CHAD (whispering to Kevin) It means "Dad I'd Like to F..."
KEVIN (embarrassed) Um, thanks? I appreciate the compliment.
Kevin feels torn between the attention and his concern for Zion. His gaze shifts to his wedding ring, reminding him of his commitments.
CHAD (enjoying the attention) Ladies, have you met Linda? She's an interesting character.
LINDA (uninterested) Oh, I'm just here to enjoy the festival. You guys have fun.
BRITTANY (teasing) Come on, Linda. Loosen up a bit. It's a party!
TIFFANY (excited) Do you have Snapchat? Let's add each other!
KEVIN (reluctant) I don't really use Snapchat.
BRITTANY (giggling) Well, you do now! Let's sign you up.
The girls take Kevin's phone and guide him through the sign-up process, adding themselves as his friends. Kevin's conflicting emotions resurface as he questions his actions.
LINDA (disinterested) Ugh, I'll never understand Snapchat.
As the girls send silly photos to Kevin, he tries to relax but can't shake the weight of his wedding ring and his mission to find Zion. Tension builds between Chad and Linda, their animosity growing more apparent with each sarcastic remark.
Finally, unable to ignore his conscience, Kevin blurts out his truth.
KEVIN (emphatic) I'm married, you know.
TIFFANY (laughing) I know, silly. That's why I gave you Snapchat!
Kevin's realization sinks in, and he contemplates the consequences of his actions, torn between temptation and his commitment to his family.

CHAD That was intense. LINDA We just caused a power outage. CHAD That was just like the time we...(suggest some story from high school) KEVIN That never, ever happened. I never did anything close to that.
ChatGPT
CHAD (nostalgic) That was intense. Reminds me of the time we pulled that epic prank in high school...
LINDA (interjecting) Oh, here we go again. Chad and his wild stories.
CHAD (excited) No, seriously! Remember when we turned the principal's office into a jungle? The look on his face was priceless!
KEVIN (disbelieving) That never, ever happened. Chad, you have a knack for exaggerating things.
LINDA (teasing) Oh come on, Kevin. It's fun to imagine the wild adventures Chad claims we had.
CHAD (defensively) Hey, it happened! I swear!
