 strikes. Sweat starts to bead on their foreheads, and their legs begin to tremble from the effort of holding it in. As the line inches forward at a painfully slow pace, they reach a point of unbearable desperation. When they finally make it to the front, they realize that all the portapotties are occupied, except for one. In their moment of panic and distress, they decide to squeeze into the single available portapotty together and take turns, despite the cramped and uncomfortable conditions. The smell is overwhelming, and the conditions are beyond disgusting. Kevin goes first, trying to find some relief while Chad and Linda do their best to look away and give him some semblance of privacy. Once he's done, Chad takes his turn, followed by Linda, all of them groaning in discomfort. As Linda struggles on the toilet, she lets out a few grunts and groans, trying to find relief. Chad, in an attempt to be supportive, says, "You got this, Linda! Hang in there!" Meanwhile, Kevin's phone rings, and he sees it's his wife, Melanie. But as soon as he answers, Melanie starts yelling at him, furious about something Zion said on a butt-dial call. Apparently, Zion talked about sneaking into the artist-only section at the Rolling Loud festival to meet Playboi Carti. Kevin tries to calm her down, but she demands to talk to Zion. Kevin panics, knowing he can't let her find out they're actually at the festival. He tells her they're at the theater, watching Avatar. Melanie insists on talking to Zion, so Kevin lies and says Zion is in the bathroom stall next to him. Melanie isn't satisfied and demands to know which theater they're at. Kevin thinks quickly and says it's a theater far from their house. He makes up an excuse for what Melanie thought she heard Zion say on the phone. However, Melanie doesn't believe him and gets even more furious. She tells him she's getting in the car and coming to the festival herself, leaving Kevin scrambling for a plan to avoid being caught. Panicking, Kevin, Chad, and Linda desperately search for a way out of the portapotty. They try pushing and pulling at the door, but it seems to be stuck. That's when they realize that some teenage punks thought it would be funny to lock them inside. Chad immediately starts to panic, banging on the door and screaming for help. Linda, on the other hand, remains calm and tries to think of a way out. She suggests that they try to climb out through the roof vent, but Chad protests, saying that it's too dangerous. With no other option, they boost each other up, trying to ignore the overwhelming stench. Kevin missteps and his leg plunges into the disgusting toilet below. "Cut it off! Cut my leg off!" he cries out in disgust and horror. Chad and Linda quickly grab onto Kevin's arms, trying to pull him out before it's too late. After a few intense moments, Kevin is the first to make it out, with Chad following close behind. As they go to help Linda, she gets stuck halfway, her upper torso and head poking out of the vent. A growing crowd of festival-goers gathers around them, laughing and making fun of Linda's predicament. Determined to help their friend, Kevin and Chad jump down from the roof, unlock the door, and then work together to pull Linda out of the vent. The three of them stumble out of the portapotty, covered in filth and shame, but grateful to be free.
ChatGPT
Below is the requested dialogue converted into Final Draft format (FDX):
vbnet
Copy code
INT. ROLLING LOUD FESTIVAL - VENDOR TENT - NIGHT

Stomachs RUMBLE ominously. Linda's eyes widen in alarm.

LINDA
Oh no... Did you guys eat any tofu or tempeh? That's the one thing you should never mix with those 9/11 pills I gave you!

Kevin and Chad glance at each other, realizing they did eat tofu earlier.

KEVIN/CHAD
Uh oh.

They notice Linda's stomach growling too.

CHAD
Why did you eat it, Linda?

LINDA
I just can't support the way animals are treated in the food industry anymore.

They all spot the portapotties in the distance.

EXT. PORTAPOTTIES - CONTINUOUS

A long line of people wait, shifting from foot to foot, clearly desperate. Kevin, Chad, and Linda join the line, faces contorted with discomfort.

