Meanwhile, on stage, Shenseea performs "Be Good." She captivates the crowd, calling out to members to show off their twerking skills. She brings up a little person to dance with her, and the audience goes wild at the impressive performance. Shenseea tells the little person to pick anyone from the crowd to join them on stage and dance. The energy is electric, and despite being high on cocaine, Kevin is struck by an idea. If he can get on stage, maybe he can use the microphone to make a hail mary shout-out to Zion. With this thought in mind, Kevin becomes more determined than ever to find a way onto the stage and reunite with his son. Trying to make their way to the front, Kevin, Chad, and Linda face a near-impossible task, with the crowd packed tightly together. As they attempt to push through, Chad and Linda bicker and yell at each other incessantly, adding to the chaos and making their progress slow and arduous. Finally, after what feels like an eternity, they reach the front, where bouncers are doing their best to keep the crowd in check. The little person on stage spots Kevin and calls him up. At first, the bouncers try to hold him back, but seeing that the little person has chosen him, they reluctantly help Kevin up, and he stumbles onto the stage. / write out the above scene with lots of funny dialogue in FDX form
ChatGPT
EXT. FESTIVAL STAGE - ROLLING LOUD VENUE - NIGHT
Shenseea performs "Be Good" on stage, captivating the crowd with her energy. She calls out to members to show off their twerking skills, hyping up the audience.
SHENSEEA (to the crowd) Alright, who's got the best twerking skills out here? Show me what you got!
The crowd goes wild, eager to impress Shenseea. She brings a little person onto the stage, igniting even more excitement from the audience.
SHENSEEA (pointing to the crowd) Alright, my friend here wants someone to join us on stage and dance! Pick someone, my friend!
The energy in the air is electric. Kevin, high on cocaine, has a sudden idea. He turns to Chad and Linda, his eyes filled with determination.
KEVIN (excitedly) Guys, if I can get on stage, maybe I can grab the microphone and make a shout-out to Zion! It's a long shot, but it's worth a try!
With this newfound purpose, Kevin becomes more determined than ever to find a way onto the stage and reunite with his son. They start pushing through the crowd, facing a near-impossible task.
CHAD (grunting) Man, this crowd is like a solid wall! How are we ever gonna get through?
LINDA (angry) Chad, if you'd stop stepping on my toes, maybe we'd make some progress!
Chad and Linda bicker and yell at each other incessantly, their banter adding to the chaos of the situation. It makes their progress slow and arduous.
KEVIN (desperate) Guys, we need to focus! We're almost there!
Finally, after what feels like an eternity, they reach the front where bouncers work tirelessly to control the crowd. The little person on stage spots Kevin and calls him up.
LITTLE PERSON (excitedly) Hey, you! Get up here!
Bouncers initially try to hold Kevin back, unsure about letting him on stage. But seeing that the little person has chosen him, they reluctantly assist Kevin, guiding him through the crowd as he stumbles onto the stage.
KEVIN (out of breath) I...made it!
The crowd cheers, unaware of the chaos unfolding in Kevin's personal life.

2 / 2
rewrite the following scene, but have Linda and Chad go back and forth debating the codes, getting increasingly angry at each other and confusing Kevin. They are also high on cocaine so this conversation should reflect that: Linda clicks her walkie-talkie. LINDA (excitedly) Okay, guys, listen up. We'll be using code 10-4 to indicate that we understand and acknowledge a message. If we hear code 10-13, that means we have a weather or road hazard. And if we hear code 10-20, that means we have a location update. Kevin and Chad exchange confused glances. LINDA (continuing) And if we hear code 10-33, that means we have an emergency. Got it?