Kevin, growing more anxious, responds absentmindedly.
KEVIN Uh, no, I don't remember that.
EXT. ROLLING LOUD VENUE - PORTAPOTTIES - MOMENTS LATER
Kevin stands by the row of portapotties, anxiously waiting for Zion to emerge. Ten long minutes pass, and worry begins to consume him. Scanning the enormous, chaotic crowd, Kevin struggles to spot his son. Desperation sets in, and he tries calling out Zion's name, but the deafening noise from the festival drowns out his voice.
Panic surges through Kevin as he realizes he's lost sight of his 13-year-old son in the midst of the wild festival. He pounds on the door of the portapotty he thought Zion went into, yelling out his name. A YOUNG GIRL emerges, giving him a confused look. Mortified, Kevin quickly scurries away.
People start giving Kevin strange looks as he continues yelling out Zion's name, some even chastising him for bringing a young teenager to a festival like this. But Kevin is too worried to care about their judgment.
Chad joins Kevin, oblivious to the severity of the situation. They begin knocking on all the other portapotties, yelling out Zion's name at the top of their lungs, but there's no response. Kevin's panic intensifies.
Kevin pulls out his phone, attempting to call Zion, but the spotty reception makes the call unsuccessful. His heart sinks as he realizes that technology won't help him in finding his son. He has no choice but to trust his instincts and rely on his own eyes.
As Kevin continues his frantic search, Chad trails behind him, blabbering about the festival, seemingly unaware of Kevin's mounting panic.
CHAD Dude, have you tried the vegan tacos? These are amazing.
Chad shoves a taco in Kevin's face, but Kevin's attention is elsewhere. He takes a bite absentmindedly, scanning the sea of festival-goers for any sign of Zion.
The crowd grows denser and more chaotic as the night wears on, and Kevin's nerves start to fray. Chad, on the other hand, seems to be enjoying himself immensely.
CHAD You know, they have a kissing booth here. It's awesome, although some people are getting herpes from it, so you have to be careful.
Chad chuckles, seemingly oblivious to Kevin's mounting panic. Between mouthfuls of beetroot burger, Kevin accidentally bumps into a group of high guys who stare blankly before wandering away. He approaches a group of selfie-taking girls

