People start giving Kevin strange looks, some questioning his decision to bring a 13-year-old to such a festival. But Kevin is too worried to care about their judgment.
Chad joins Kevin, and they begin knocking on all the other portapotties, yelling out Zion's name at the top of their lungs.
KEVIN Zion! Where are you? Answer me!
But there's no response, and Kevin's panic only intensifies. He pulls out his phone, attempting to call Zion, but the spotty reception makes the call unsuccessful. His heart sinks as he realizes that technology won't help him find his son. He has no choice but to trust his instincts and rely on his own eyes to locate Zion.
As Kevin frantically searches for Zion, Chad trails behind him, blabbering on about the festival.
CHAD Dude, have you tried the vegan tacos? These are amazing!
Chad shoves a taco in Kevin's face, but Kevin's attention is elsewhere. He takes a bite absentmindedly, scanning the sea of festival-goers for any sign of Zion.
The crowd grows denser and more chaotic as the night wears on, and Kevin's nerves start to fray. Chad, on the other hand, seems to be enjoying himself immensely.
CHAD You know, they have a kissing booth here. It's awesome, although some people are getting herpes from it, so you have to be careful.
Chad chuckles, seemingly oblivious to Kevin's mounting panic. Kevin continues his search, bumping into a group of high guys who stare blankly before wandering away. He approaches a group of selfie-taking girls, desperation evident in his voice.
KEVIN Excuse me, have you seen a young boy named Zion? He's about 13 years old.
The girls barely acknowledge him, too absorbed in their selfies. Kevin stuffs another bite of food into his mouth, mind racing with worst-case scenarios.
KEVIN (through a mouthful) What if something happened to him? What if he's hurt or... or abducted?
Chad, ever the oblivious friend, chimes in with an outlandish suggestion.
CHAD Hey man, remember that documentary about lost children? Maybe we should start looking in trash cans and abandoned buildings.
Kevin can feel his irritation growing with each outrageous suggestion.
KEVIN (irritated) Chad, that's not helpful! And no, we're not doing that. This is serious!
Turning to Chad, Kevin tries to remain polite but firm in his request.
KEVIN Chad, I appreciate your help, but I really need to focus on finding Zion right now. Can you please give me some space?
Chad, sensing Kevin's distress and urgency, reluctantly backs off, understanding the gravity of the situation.
CHAD Yeah, sure, Kevin. I get it. Just let me know if you need anything, okay?
Kevin nods, his determination renewed as he continues his search with heightened focus, pushing through the crowd in search of his beloved son.

rewrite the following, but add Chad into the scene and write out the dialogue in FDX form instead of just describing dialoguge: EXT. ROLLING LOUD VENUE - PORTAPOTTIES - MOMENTS LATER Kevin stands, anxiously waiting for Zion to emerge. Ten long minutes pass, and worry starts to escalate. He scans the enormous, chaotic crowd, struggling to spot his son. Desperation sets in. He pounds on the door of the portapotty he thought Zion went into, yelling out his name. KEVIN Zion! Are you in there? It's me, Kevin! A YOUNG GIRL emerges, giving him a confused look. Mortified, Kevin apologizes and quickly scurries away, but the pounding on the other portapotties continues as he and Chad frantically search for Zion. People start giving Kevin strange looks, some questioning his decision to bring a 13-year-old to such a festival. But Kevin is too worried to care about their judgment. Chad joins Kevin, and they begin knocking on all the other portapotties, yelling out Zion's name at the top of their lungs. KEVIN Zion! Where are you? Answer me! But there's no response, and Kevin's panic only intensifies. He pulls out his phone, attempting to call Zion, but the spotty reception makes the call unsuccessful. His heart sinks as he realizes that technology won't help him find his son. He has no choice but to trust his instincts and rely on his own eyes to locate Zion.
ChatGPT
2 / 2
EXT. ROLLING LOUD VENUE - PORTAPOTTIES - MOMENTS LATER
