What I have so far:ROLLING LOUD by Jeremy Garelick My son, Zion, has always faced challenges. He had ADHD, and anxiety, and often needed a shadow in class. He was a biter. Loved smacking himself in the head. My wife and I had been in and out of therapists and various schools, but nothing seemed to help him. Despite these challenges, Zion was always a fighter, and his passion for music helped him cope with the difficulties he faced. He was like ‘OMG!’ Rolling Loud is coming to LA! As a protective and slightly overbearing father, I was hesitant to let him (a 13 year old) attend such a large and overwhelming event. However, my son was persistent and eventually convinced me to take him to the festival. What followed was a wild and unforgettable adventure that included getting lost in the crowd, accidentally joining a mosh pit, and stumbling upon unexpected performances and encounters with other festival-goers. While the experience was certainly overwhelming for me, it was also eye-opening and allowed me to see a side of hip-hop culture that I had never experienced before. As I reflect on that experience, I realize that it inspired a movie that explores the struggle between a father's protectiveness and a son's desire for independence, set against the backdrop of one of the largest hip-hop festivals in the world. I hope you enjoy this treatment and can relate to the themes and experiences that inspired it. OUTLINE: Opening Image: So we open on Jeremy (47), the protective dad, trying to help his son, Zion (13), with his math homework. Jeremy's sweating bullets as he tries to solve algebraic equations and word problems, but Zion's not making things any easier. The kid's glued to his phone, scrolling through the Rolling Loud festival lineup, clearly not interested in what his old man's trying to teach him. “When’s Mommy coming home?” “I don’t know. Can we focus here? It’s late. I’m tired.” We establish that there’s clearly something going on with Jeremy and his wife that he doesn’t want to discuss. Jeremy's struggling to power through the homework., throwing out guesses and hoping for the best, but he's not fooling anyone. Zion can see right through his dad's attempts to cover up his lack of math skills, and he's not impressed. Suddenly, Zion's phone lights up with the announcement of the Rolling Loud festival. His eyes light up with excitement – ZION (Excitedly) Dad, Rolling Loud just announced their lineup. Can we go? Please? JEREMY I don’t know what you’re saying. I can’t understand what you’re saying. ZION (Excitedly) Dad, Rolling Loud just announced their lineup. JEREMY (Confused) What's Rolling Loud? ZION (Surprised) You don't know what Rolling Loud is? JEREMY (Shrugs) Should I? ZION (Excitedly) It's only the biggest hip-hop festival in the world. All the best rappers are gonna be there. Travis Scott, Lil Uzi, Roddy Ricch, Megan Thee Stallion, Post Malone, you name it. JEREMY (Still skeptical) No. You’re not going somewhere to see someone called Lil Uzi Vert! Theme Stated: Jeremy tries to talk Zion out of it, but Zion is just heartbroken. The theme of the movie is introduced: the struggle between a father's protectiveness and a son's desire for independence. Insert scene with Jeremy and his wife. They are considering a trial separation.
ChatGPT
JEREMY (Skeptical) I don't know if this is a good idea. You're just a kid. ZION (Smiling) Come on, Dad. It'll be fun. JEREMY (Sighs) I don't know. The crowds, the music, the drugs... ZION (Smiling even wider) Please, please, please? JEREMY (Sighs again) Alright, fine. But we're sticking together, and you're not leaving my sight. ZION (Excitedly) Yes! Thank you, Dad! You won't regret it, I promise. JEREMY (Skeptical) We'll see about that.
Theme Stated: Jeremy tries to talk Zion out of it, but Zion is just heartbroken. The theme of the movie is introduced: the struggle between a father's protectiveness and a son's desire for independence.
INSERT SCENE: Jeremy and his wife sit across from each other at the kitchen table. There's a tension between them that's palpable.
