Linda clicks her walkie-talkie and begins rattling off a series of numbers and codes. "Okay, guys, listen up. We'll be using code 10-4 to indicate that we understand and acknowledge a message. If we hear code 10-13, that means we have a weather or road hazard. And if we hear code 10-20, that means we have a location update." Kevin and Chad exchange confused glances as Linda continues with the complicated number code. "And if we hear code 10-33, that means we have an emergency. We need to get to Zion as quickly as possible. Got it?" Linda finishes with a satisfied nod, but Kevin and Chad look more confused than ever. As the cocaine kicks in, Kevin, Linda, and Chad feel a sudden burst of energy and determination. With Linda's newfound dedication and their walkie-talkies obtained through illicit means, Kevin sees a glimmer of hope. Together, they set out to find Zion, using Linda's volunteer credentials to assist in their search. However, Linda keeps mistaking almost every boy that passes by as Zion, repeatedly asking Kevin if they've found him yet. / write the above out in FDX form
ChatGPT
EXT. SECLUDED AREA BEHIND CONCESSION STANDS - ROLLING LOUD VENUE - NIGHT
Linda clicks her walkie-talkie and begins rattling off a series of numbers and codes, holding their attention.
LINDA (excitedly) Okay, guys, listen up. We'll be using code 10-4 to indicate that we understand and acknowledge a message. If we hear code 10-13, that means we have a weather or road hazard. And if we hear code 10-20, that means we have a location update.
Kevin and Chad exchange confused glances as Linda continues with the complicated number code.
LINDA (continuing) And if we hear code 10-33, that means we have an emergency. We need to get to Zion as quickly as possible. Got it?
Linda finishes her explanation with a satisfied nod, clearly proud of her newfound role as a volunteer. However, Kevin and Chad look more confused than ever.
KEVIN (scratching his head) Wait, what was that again? Code 10-4, 10-13, 10-20... I'm not sure I'll remember all of that.
CHAD (raising an eyebrow) Yeah, Linda, are you sure we need to know all those codes? Can't we just wing it?
Linda's face falls, realizing she may have overwhelmed them.
LINDA (trying to reassure) Well, guys, it's just to help us communicate efficiently. But don't worry, I'll keep you updated on anything important. Just remember, we're a team!
As Linda's words sink in, the effects of the cocaine start to kick in, bringing a sudden burst of energy and determination to the trio.
KEVIN (feeling the rush) Alright, let's do this. We'll find Zion together.
Chad and Linda exchange determined looks, ready to assist Kevin in any way they can.
LINDA (resolute) Absolutely! We've got your back, Kevin. We won't stop until we find your son.
As they set out on their mission, using Linda's volunteer credentials to gain access and navigate the festival grounds, the trio encounters numerous boys passing by. Linda's excitement gets the best of her, repeatedly mistaking almost every boy as Zion.
LINDA (excitedly) Kevin, is that him? Have we found him yet?
Kevin and Chad share exasperated glances, realizing the challenges they'll face on their search. Despite the confusion, they press on, determined to locate Zion and reunite him with his father.

