Before we dive into the treatment, I want to share a personal story that inspired this movie. It all started when my son, Zion, who was just 13 at the time, became obsessed with the Rolling Loud festival. As a protective and slightly overbearing father, I was hesitant to let him attend such a large and overwhelming event. However, my son was persistent and eventually convinced me to take him to the festival.
Zion's struggles through school were always at the forefront of our minds. He had ADHD, anxiety, and often needed a shadow in class to help him stay focused. We had been in and out of therapists and various schools, but nothing seemed to help him. Despite these challenges, Zion was always a fighter, and his passion for music helped him cope with the difficulties he faced.
What followed was a wild and unforgettable adventure that included getting lost in the crowd, accidentally joining a mosh pit, and stumbling upon unexpected performances and encounters with other festival-goers. While the experience was certainly overwhelming for me, it was also eye-opening and allowed me to see a side of hip-hop culture that I had never experienced before.
As I reflect on that experience, I realize that it inspired a movie that explores the struggle between a father's protectiveness and a son's desire for independence, set against the backdrop of one of the largest hip-hop festivals in the world. I hope you enjoy this treatment and can relate to the themes and experiences that inspired it.

write an opening scene for the movie in final draft form with the following information and everything you know about the characters so far: Opening Image: We see Jeremy, a slightly uptight dad, trying to get his teenage son, Zion, to focus on his schoolwork. Zion's distracted by the Rolling Loud festival lineup and tries to convince his dad to take him to the festival. Jeremy's not thrilled about the idea of his young son at a festival filled with explicit music, drugs, and crowds of people who don't respect personal space.
ChatGPT
FADE IN:
INT. JEREMY'S HOME - DAY
Jeremy (47), a slightly uptight father, sits at the kitchen table with his son, Zion (13), who is flipping through the Rolling Loud festival lineup on his laptop.
Zion (excitedly) Dad, you gotta check out this lineup! Travis Scott, A$AP Rocky, Lil Uzi Vert, Post Malone, all in one place!
Jeremy (concerned) Zion, you know how I feel about that festival. It's not a safe place for a 13-year-old. There are drugs, explicit music, and huge crowds of people.
Zion (disappointed) But dad, I'm not a little kid anymore. I'm old enough to make my own decisions, and I really want to go. Please?
Jeremy (reluctantly) I'll think about it, Zion. But I need to know that you can handle it. You've struggled in school and with your ADHD and anxiety. I don't want you to put yourself in a situation that could be dangerous or overwhelming.
Zion (defeated) I know, dad. I just really want to experience this with my friends. It's a once in a lifetime opportunity.
Jeremy sighs and looks at his son, torn between his protectiveness and his desire to let Zion grow and experience new things.
FADE OUT.

now rewrite with a little more time spent with jeremy trying to get zion to focus on homework, before Zion gets the notification about Rolling Loud.
ChatGPT
FADE IN:
INT. JEREMY'S HOME OFFICE - DAY
We see Jeremy (47), a slightly uptight father, sitting at his desk, surrounded by stacks of paperwork. He's wearing a button-up shirt with a tie that's slightly askew. He's sipping on a cup of coffee, looking tired and stressed.
In the background, we hear the sounds of a teenager goofing around in another room.
JEREMY: (shouting) Zion, could you please focus on your homework? You have an essay due tomorrow!
The camera cuts to the next room where we see Zion (13), Jeremy's son, sitting at his desk, staring blankly at his laptop screen. He's fidgeting in his chair and tapping his pencil against the desk.
ZION: (sighing) Dad, I'm trying. But it's hard to focus when Rolling Loud just released their lineup. It's going to be so sick this year!
