An algebra equation is scrawled on a piece of paper, a pencil furiously trying to figure it out. We hear a frustrated sigh and the pencil drops to the desk. The camera reverses to reveal: Kevin (47), a protective dad, with a confused expression on his face. He's sweating bullets, trying to help his son, Zion (13), with his math homework at the kitchen table. Zion, who has faced challenges like ADHD and anxiety, doesn't make it any easier. Glued to his phone, he shows little interest in what his old man is trying to teach him. Kevin takes a deep breath and tries to use one of his tricks to help Zion understand the problem. Despite being once carefree and adventurous, Kevin has become a more cautious and organized individual due to the responsibilities of fatherhood and his mid-level executive job at Raymour & Flanigan Furniture. His love for Zion is evident as he has tried multiple therapists and schools to help his son. "Okay, let's think of this equation like a living room set," Kevin says, pointing to the textbook with a puzzled expression on his face. "X and Y are like the couch and loveseat. If we know the length and width of the room, we can figure out the size of the furniture, right?" Zion looks at him skeptically. Kevin glances at Zion's pill bottle on the counter. "Hey, have you taken your meds?" Zion rolls his eyes. "Yes. When's Mommy coming home?" Kevin tries to hide his exasperation. "I don't know. Can we focus here? It's late. I'm tired." It becomes clear that there's something going on with Kevin and his wife that he doesn’t want to discuss. Kevin struggles to power through the homework, guessing and hoping for the best, but he doesn't fool Zion. The boy can see right through his dad's attempts to cover up his lack of math skills, and he's not impressed. Suddenly, Zion's phone lights up with the announcement of the Rolling Loud festival. His eyes light up with excitement – ZION Dad, Rolling Loud just announced their lineup. Can we go? Please? KEVIN I don’t know what you’re saying. I can’t understand what you’re saying. ZION Dad, Rolling Loud just announced their lineup. KEVIN What's Rolling Loud? ZION You don't know what Rolling Loud is? KEVIN (Shrugs) Should I? ZION It’s only the biggest hip-hop festival in the world. All the best rappers are gonna be there. Playboi Carti, Travis Scott, Lil Uzi, Roddy Ricch, Megan Thee Stallion, Post Malone, Lil Xan, Ski Mask the Slump God, Joey Bada$$, Yeat, Earl Sweatshirt, Young Boy Never Broke Again you name it. KEVIN (looking at Zion’s phone) No. You’re not going somewhere to see someone called Lil Uzi Vert! ZION What about Carti? KEVIN Cardi B? ZION No, Cardi B hasn’t put out a hit song since like 2021. I mean Playboi Carti! He just got out of jail! Dad, you seriously don’t know playboi carti? "Shawty in love with my drip (woah) I get that drip, you get dripped (yeah) 220 all on that rear (ayy) I get the drip, you get dripped?’” KEVIN You’re not helping your argument. Kevin doesn't recognize any of the names that Zion mentions who are performing at Rolling Loud. He tries to convince Zion that Hip Hop was better when he was growing up, citing Biggie Smalls, and even starts rapping "Hypnotize," but he's not cheering Zion up. Zion is heartbroken that his dad won't let him go and he thinks his dad is such an old man. KEVIN (scrolling through Zion’s phone) What kind of hip-hop festival has a horse? As Zion trudges off, Kevin can see the rare spark in his eye brought about by Rolling Loud (whatever the hell that is) resonates with him. The theme of the movie is introduced––the struggle between a father's protectiveness and a son's desire for independence and a father wanting to connect with his son in an otherwise deteriorating family situation. / write the above scene into FDX format
ChatGPT
FADE IN:
INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
An ALGEBRA EQUATION on paper, a pencil scribbling furiously. A frustrated SIGH, and the pencil drops. The camera reverses to reveal:
KEVIN (47), a protective dad, sweating bullets, struggling with the math homework on the table. He's trying to help his son, ZION (13).
