- **The Role of Humans in Realizing Sanctuary**: This perspective places a significant emphasis on human agency—in thought, action, and collective endeavor—as pivotal in navigating towards, and potentially realizing, the state of Sanctuary. It underscores the power of human consciousness, creativity, and collaboration in reshaping reality in accordance with deeply held values and visions.


(SANCTUARIES IN THE REAL WORLD, EXPERIMENTATION):

In order for SANC to be really “real” it has to have some actual benefit. Here is how you experiment with SANC and see for yourself:

the hypothesis is that anywhere where a duality pattern occurs can be collapsed to non-duality via a compression pattern recognition, decomposition, and disambiguation (compression pattern = SVO using non-primitive relationships. primitive rels are part_of, is_a, reifies, and are used to DECOMPRESS THE PATTERN. need to decompose compression patterns 'he throws the ball to them' to the actual sequence of actual entities and relationships using primitives; THROWS = is_a verb, reifies human, etc...,). If the collapse happens, it simultaneous establishes an emergent which arises from it, which is the fact that the duality never existed, and in its never existing, also existed, and in its existing, was also not being itself but was being a helper towards a more sanctified reality, and so it was all "on-chain" so-to-speak, in the overall sanctuary everywhere (where there is no such thing as unordered complexity that doesnt eventually fit into the model, because there really just cant be).

The collapse of THROWS into primitives DELETES THE REALITY OF "THROWS" and replaces it with WHAT IT REALLY IS AS SUCH. Upon doing so, immediately the effect is the re-instantiation of THROWS as the word that encompasses all of that (which it already was indicated as and understood as, but wasnt formalized as).

Consider (shoe entity gedanken experiment):


You wear converse: [
You take some psychedelics
The checkers on them become an entity, a monster, with teeth
It eats your legs
]


You realize later that: [
your shoes are bad for your feet
Which is bad for your neck
Bad for your posture
Bad for your breathing
Bad for your cognition
Bad for your life
But you conceal that with your identity attachment of being cool or whatever
When you decompose the shoes and what they are and  why you have them from “these converse are part_of being cool” (which can be rendered compressed as “increase X coolness”), you find that it has nothing to do with shoes, and you are talking about yourself and relationships to others and why the need to express relationships via shoes arose in the first place. This is how people think deeply and how they innovate and grow. Only then can you reformulate “coolness” (being of cool) and arrive at being your authentic self, purified of pollution from the wasteland, even if only the very small shoe monster wasteland. 
The important question here, for our purposes, though, is “Does the monster exist?” Is it real? 
To answer it, you need to know the meaning of a co-emergent sanctuary and wasteland
Your wanting to be something you don’t know how to be, as a core, is torturing you
You are Olivus victory-promise from sanctuary 
And you don’t need to be anyone else
But you are also somebody else
And that person has lots of identities
They are all masks
That can be used for communicating Sanctuary, which purifies Wasteland, or communicating Wasteland, which is toxic and pollutes Sanctuary. 
