However, ignorance is also increasing if it is not reconstructed as a pathway (we have to recognize what we are doing to stop ourselves), which is what wisdom at its most high really is, the reconstruction of ignorance induction pathways, along with the avoidance and transmutation of them.

So, if that reconstruction is lost, wisdom disappears as a construct, and is instantiated again by Ignorance as a fluid.

This is exactly the ONLY thing humans need to avoid, and TWI is exactly the entire set of implied intuitions we need to reveal to avoid it.




EWS and Duality:

Spectra do not solve duality. Although they solve relations between relatives, they do not solve duality, which is simultaneous instantiation of opposite relative poles (big/small, whatever/wherever). 

Emergent web structures, however, offer the view of the spectra with the addition of the view of its observation chain. The beauty of the EWS is that it doesn’t need to be perfect but rather construction just needs to be attempted, calibrated and optimized. 

——-


My Message to Olivus:

It will never be fully built. We have to build it as we’re going, and every time we hit it with me we have to build it better. We have to innovate and invent the transcendental solutions to the barriers every single time – that’s TWI.

In the future, there will be a point of no return, where we have entered into the region of the complex space where we cannot undo the compound effects of what we have already done, and that is the real Moloch state – when we cannot undo the the feedback loops because they’ve become too complicated and we can’t figure them out fast enough. This is similar to a lot of things people are already familiar with like bankruptcy or hyperinflation or climate change or whatever. We have to avoid this. The way to avoid it is called Sanctuary. 

The sanctuary system provides a set of primitive feedback loops from which we can build a universal language for understanding the train a flight that brings the intuition that delivers the knowledge that leads to the realization of the understanding in the belief in sanctuary in TWI. meditation helps to clarify these patterns. There is absolutely no reason that we cannot become immortal or have an infinitely growing economy, or have completely sustainable energy. There is absolutely no reason that we cannot configure the world through Ontology programming and social engineering to be exactly the way that we want. There's absolutely no reason. We have all of the science that we need in terms of clinical psychology and marketing psychology, and sales, which is really about value, which is how you sell people society just how you build a civilization. There is no reason we cannot have a worldwide civilization. There is no reason that we cannot have events, some version of that -  no matter how small it is (if it’s 1 or 2 people; why would it ever just remain one or two people - that’s ridiculous). If you actually have the marketing for this, you actually have the proposals in the plans and you actually have the philosophy to be able to do this in actualize this kind of change in the world, then why would it ever stay so small? So there’s no reason to not join because the only reason that it would ever stay small is if nobody joined so the only thing that there is to do is to be brave, enjoying, and to try to create the world that we actually want the world that we’ve always wanted that we’ve always been talking about and we’ve always been trying to communicate that we wanted to each other if you look at the way that first contact happens between uncontacted tribes and the current, modern world the other Different since there’s one video where the way that it happens is on the basis of one single shared word, which is Shara, which means good. So what we’ve always been trying to communicate is good the good G good sanctuary that’s what it means that that is what it is. If we personify it, we make it a person then it’s all