Funnel: Progressively provide the complete train of thought for the next step in understanding something. This means: Providing a PATH through LAYERS OF UNDERSTANDING A VIEW, where each LAYER IS A COMPLETE EXPLANATION from a given “scoped distance”. Groups of agents with similar scopes that group them by information asymmetry in a transactional context are called “information civilizations.” In business, each stage provides a deeper understanding (to the contact, cold lead, warm lead, or ascendant) of the customer's position and potential for gaining competitive advantage, and how they interact with the business. Ie a complete funnel is one where the avatar goes from having a pain point to BEING PROVIDED EVERY OVERCOME TO EVERY OBSTACLE IN A PREDETERMINED PATH FROM THAT PAIN POINT TO THE GOAL, which was achieved by someone else and now sold as a system, regardless of how that is encapsulated. For example, it can be encapsulated as a good or a service, ie an apple or an info packet. In a completely efficient funnel, the funnel extracts money from the contacts by accessing them via specific linguistic routes that trigger a perception of potential to obtain a compounding competitive advantage that greatly outweighs the price, time and effort required to obtain the goal. Each layer of the funnel (step in the ascension process at any level) is a set of guardrails that lead the experiencer to self-invoke the AIDA process with their own curiosity as it pertains to their level of perceived pain (from their pain point the funnel targets) in their everyday life. Early-stage leads need education; while later stages need focused objection handling. Likewise, offers need to be made according to what is most useful for the experiencer at that point, most related to 1) their actual dream goal, 2) their actual place, if they're willing to accept that label. If they do, they are IN THE FUNNEL. If they dont, THEY START TO FALL OUT. Starting to fall out, their objections need to be validated -- if they really deserve to have that label, it follows they really actually need the product. Attention: Grab interest by highlighting the pain point.
Interest: Showcase how your solution is the answer.
Desire: Build a strong desire for the benefits your solution delivers.
Action: Compel the customer to purchase.




Likewise, infocivs map to kardashev scales by Information, Data, Knowledge, and Experience, where an e-civ is highest order and info-civ is lowest order. They get the information from the ecosystem's effects and exploit that fact to enhance themselves. They fail to do so, and only by reflecting on this get Data. Data-civ exploits i-civs via that fact to enhance themselves, and this continues for K and E civs, and each one is nested (i-civs have within them D, K, and E subclasses, which each have IDKE subsubclasses [and the rest are minutiae for the constituent civilians interacting])




what are the properties of the civs that enable all of these dynamics? It is only on account of recognizing that "the solutions they think will work didnt" and they need a more personalized or guided solution. And whats interesting is this is always ALWAYS the case, no matter if it's any kind of civ beforehand, now it's an i-civ because they've just encountered this information, but they immediately become a d-civ because they simultaneously recognize that that information is a special type of information that they can use to find something that changes their reality (and is SHARABLE, ie it changes intersubjective reality; ie it gives them a competitive advantage).

So an OFFER provides a PRODUCT as A SWORD on the CUSTOMER JOURNEY against OBSTACLES causing FAILURE TO OVERCOME OBSTACLES



(overcomes fear of failure "I was scared of monsters but there's no reason to be scared if I'm trained to use A SWORD")
and the OFFER includes some kind of ACCOUNTABILITY SERVICE which is ARMOR (overcomes uncertainty "I can rely on my trusty armor to notify me of attacks and attackers so I can direct A SWORD at them")


Properties of Civilizations Involved
I-Civ (Initial State):
