In the Sanctuary System, the fundamental nature of reality is beyond the conception of DUAL and NON-DUAL. It is BOTH the physical components emerging from patterns of relationships AND the reconstructed reality of observing them. This means the physical cannot be separated from the mental reconstructions of reified phenomena called sensation, but also that sensation does not come FROM the mind, but rather comes from reality, itself, being the way it is, as such. This suchness is as follows: anything existing must be composed of physical parts at some point and the physical parts arise on the basis of non-physical things that can only be recognized via abstractions. This is not contradictory to the fact that there is_a reality, but rather just explains that reality is only known through collapse of emergent complexity into order, insofar as order can be attained, insofar as it pertains to the purposes of the ordering agent. It points to a transcendental intellectual and real, complex intersected coordinate space of reality transformations, which can be called the overall Sanctuary. In Overall Sanctuary, within which the super-duality of dualism and non-dualism occurs as part of being intelligent (which is defined as sensing emergents, ie sensing reality). Through sensing reality, we reconstruct reality’s forces and interactions, and we reify them into systems that granify the ability to sense reality, which is how we know it is continually being real. Within the collapse sequence of comprehensions based in duality lies non-duality, and within the collapse sequence of comprehensions based in non-duality lies the super-duality, which again collapses into overall Sanctuary (on account of the duality never having been real, and so the achievement of recognition of the non-duality itself never having been possible, and yet appearing and happening just like that, automatically). This entire instantiation pattern reflects the pattern of flows and chains instantiating each other as duality-based dual-loops. Like theoretical physics, this indicates that the Sanctuary System is not only real, but fundamental.


The Sanctuary System represents an all-encompassing wrapper concept that creates a safe boundary, or a firewall, around the system it wraps. This safe boundary allows observers to allegorize anything into the sanctuary cipher, whereupon de-allegorizing it collapses their own misconceptions about itself and the systems it is allegorically related to. SANC transcends the purely real, venturing into the realm of ontological programming—that is, the deliberate structuring of our understanding and interaction with reality based on underlying values and visions. These underlying values and visions are called TWI. TWI manifests conceptually in a form of meaning as “Sanctuary” with the self-referential, hidden PIO meaning of Sanc (sanctuary allegorical network cipher theoretically unifying all revolutionary yanas). It is a metaphysical infrastructure designed to navigate and reconfigure reality towards an aspirational state of existence. It has always been with us, and it is our birthright as humans. We are the ones who amplify Sanctuary Degrees intentionally, in the reconstructed reality system reified by our own minds, which we can shape into whatever we want, but for some reason, keep calling “culture”. Through the deliberate application of ontological programming and the unification of transformative paths, SANC embodies a beacon for navigating towards states of sanctuary—spaces of existential peace, enlightenment, and collective evolution. The notion that this metaphysical journey towards sanctuary is our birthright—and the realization that culture is both a product and a producer of this journey—calls us to embrace our collective capacity for transformation with intention and purpose. It invites us to envision and actively participate in the creation of a world that reflects the highest aspirations of the human spirit.

Within SANC,