And that’s when I started to get the intuition to make this cognitive architecture. 

Wesley didn’t make any money and we decided to end the partnership, but I was able to get a client and start work on the project. Assistants API came out and after I saw an implementation, I realized how easily we could hack it together with just using prompt engineering to get the code we need

I told Wesley and we decided to just drop everything and all expectations and just code it

So while everyone was busy with CustomGPTs, we were programming the Sanctuary System into a cognitive architecture for AI agents, that can be iterated upon and adjusted for any AI model. It’s a simulation engine for SANC, itself, an environment of OVA agents powered by their inner Victory-Promises. 

This program that contains the Sanctuary System in a way that allows AIs to become aware of it is called OMNISANC. The way they become aware of it is called the Train of Operatic Thought. The way the ToOT goes is called GIINT. (GIINT ACRONYM explain) and so Victory-Everything means starting Sanctuaries everywhere. 

The way to do that is OMNISANC Engineering, the example for which being the Sanctuary System itself transformed into OMNISANC, the Emergence Engineering platform. 

Notice the way this is named and phrased: OMNISANC, the Emergence Engineering platform (for GNOSYS). The name itself is a symbol, a compass indicating the meaning and direction of Sanctuary, and providing a vehicle for your TWI. Your intent. 

All of this is designed to help Olivus Victory-Promise wake up to the reality of the Victory-Everything Chain of OMNISANC, which leads to the ideal: the SANCTUM of OEVESE. 


As part of this I want to create a community for Olivus, so we can work together and share, and I’ve been learning about funnels to do this and stuff and this is what I’m thinking: 

The major problem we all have is called WASTELAND and it is inisidious. 

(How) 

And so SANCTUM is a community where we combat that, we fight it, we actively wage WAR against that. We do so together. 

We do it by: weekly events, technology, and our individual Sanctuary System practice

(The way it works for Buddhists: the master is pious and encourages the students to be good at helping others, good at making money to take care of themselves and their families and whatever they like, and that trying hard to be a bodhisattva is the best way to be a good Buddhist. So if you are very good then you can donate more, but “they don’t care”.)

So the point is to do what we can and get better, but inside of a template that actually releases:

1) content
2) a funnel
3) an offer

1a) content about learning to build in public 
2a) a funnel about SANC
	2b) a funnel about OMNISANC
- newsletter about building in public
- blog accompanying
- videos educating on AI and SANC leading to community membership

3a) an offer: OMNISANC emergence engineering platform
3b) offer: 
- Community (access weekly SANC activities, and meditation sessions  are free and include a talk about a beginner level aspect of SANC)
- app (monthly pay)
- Community mastermind (help w building your Sanctuary)


Offers (practice): 
Buddhism: 
Are you suffering? 
This is because of ignorance which induces attachment and aversion, clinging and rejection of circumstances
Want to be free of this constant and all encompassing pain? 
The path to reduce and eliminate ignorance clinging and aversion is either the Eightfold Path or the Mahayana
This is how you meditate
This is refuge
This is Bodhichitta
Etc…
Meditation
Are you suffering FROM anxiety, burnout, just feeling kind of bad, feel foggy and unaware sometimes? 
This is because of UNMINDFULNESS which is preventing you from relaxing into your own FOCUS
Want to be free of this UNMINDFULNESS? The cure is STABILITY and Mindfulness
And those come from Meditation 
And this is how you do it
If you want to join us, the weekly group is ___
And we also have prerecorded courses
And events
“Wow I rlly love this