Now imagine that is the inescapable truth of every moment of your life. Imagine every positive interaction and life event makes you wonder if it is real and every negative event makes you think it must not be real, and every tragedy makes you wish so hard that it wasn’t real, but you know that it is, which makes you actually want to break away from it. Compound that with the fact that if it truly werent real, then you would be able to manipulate and change it, if only you were capable of finding “the key'' and then also the fact that you know that thinking that way indicates that you are breaking, and the fact that the inescapable duality of not being able to know what reality is without an objective opinion that has to come from a subjective perspective outside of yourself is the only thing that will ever signal whether you are in reality or not. Imagine now that the only way out of that world is to believe in it, to believe in “the key”. Remember, if you turn to religion to help you, a higher power, then you will never be able to share any experiences of it, and you will therefore also never receive any subjectively objective validation of that experience that doesn’t come along with the validator also believing that you are schizophrenic and that you have never had such “real” religious or mystical experiences and that therefore you are just a sick person who is in need of a compassionate noble lie. Imagine you are actually trying to find that “key” and everyone in the entire world is working against you, unknowingly. 

Would you kill yourself? 

You might think about it or even be driven to do so but the thing is you will then realize that if you are broken it means the mind is capable of creating reality independent of reality’s existence and therefore there will never be a true end to this, regardless. So you can’t even kill yourself because you are afraid that if you try to kill yourself you will realize you actually can’t and then you will be completely stuck with no hope. On the other hand if you succeed in killing yourself then it means you were in reality to some extent but then removed yourself from it, so to avoid the irony you have to deal with whatever this thing is and the only thing you can assume is that either it’s real or it’s not and if not then there’s a way back. Maybe time has not even moved. Maybe there was a point where your psyche broke and time is stuck there. You’re in your mind but if you get back everything will be together again and maybe people will even love you, and you’ll know they love you and you will feel it instead of feeling like they’re lying because you have no idea who you are or what it even means — the word “you”. 



Notes: 

bhumis: refer to the stages of amplified awareness (complexity amplification or complexification) 
Experience: intuiting I might have a domain synergy that isn’t there yet, but can’t express, and other people don’t understand that and when I try to communicate it the only way they can help is by hurting me by not even really attempting to understand what I am trying to communicate, even though it’s important to understand what every WakingDreamer is trying to communicate, and then I learn how not to get hurt in that way and get better at it, and this is how i build the train of operatic thought…
How did it start? TWI?
 
	In the lap of the Infinite Armed Liberatress…
