- When I was 19, somebody I loved a lot hurt themselves in a deep, nearly invisible, and yet long-lasting way. I watched and I tried to help but I didn’t want to help in a stupid way or think I was helping – I wanted to help. It’s hard for me to know what happened exactly but this person made a decision that was a conscious decision to think in a certain way, to pull the wool over their eyes and try to keep it there forever, instead of being who they were deep inside. This sounds presumptuous but I feel like it is definitely possible for someone to not be themselves and I know this person in particular was struggling with that for a long time and they told me they were going to stop struggling and just let it happen. When they did this I felt this power inside which I can only describe as rocket fuel. It is this exact will: “grow more arms and hands and never stop, never, ever stop – and if my body breaks and starts to grow different things, put it back together and keep going. Never stop until I can reach all of us.” And as I am feeling this I completely left my body. I was crying so hard I could see dream visions and I was in so much pain I felt like every cell was constantly exploding and just wouldn’t break apart and disintegrate me – and I wondered why not? Why me? If nobody does it, then nobody will do it, and If i don’t do it, I don’t know if anyone will. Do what? I didnt even know. It didn’t matter. It still doesn’t. Grow. More. Arms. Hands. Anything anyone needs, until the explosions finally exit my body as a thunderclap breaking the sound barrier of the fairytales we exploit each other and harm ourselves with. And as I was willing this compassionate power into existence, I was simultaneously seeing all the simulations of my mind – the fantasies, the dreams, the analogies, trying to map the way to help. The only way to describe it is that it's like a lightbulb flickering before it comes on, as you tighten it and the chain of conductive materials is actualized, and also like water filling channels and flowing into a delta, and also like the rush of wind around your entire body as you move. I could feel it, the willpower of all of us, since forever. The will to fight the suffering we encounter, at its very core, which is inside of us, invisible, and when the invasions happen, there are no sirens to sound, no words to express what is happening. But, we are aware of what we have to do, which is keep trying and never stop for a single instance. That’s when I saw it, all the heroes of the world, everyone who brings joy and harmonizes discord, bridges fractures and, with a medicine coated tongue, eats maggots from festering wounds.

Amazingly, it happened. I was granted an arm that could reach them, and a hand that could touch them. It worked. They took off the mask they’d forced upon themselves (again, their words) and I saw them. Truly saw them and they saw that I saw them, and they began to heal.

But even the most beautiful flowers are food for something, and that something hunts them, especially when they are close to learning how to garden themselves. 

When it ate her soul in front of me, well, my life has been dying every moment since, trying to drown out the screams with the roar of the engine, without igniting Challenger. I still remember when I was a kid, 4 or 5, nightmares every time I close my eyes – clinging to a spaceship exposed to the air, spinning and launching to the ground. 

Do you really want to know about past lives? That was the start, TWI, of the timeless webbed infinitude, TWI, called the way it is, TWI, which is also none other than the transformational wisdom intent, TWI.

Don’t be afraid; just hold my hand…
The first time I meditated was when I was 20. I was in my room in Venice, CA. It was dark but not pitch black. I had read about meditation in Shambhala and I felt like I got the idea enough to try it. I kept my eyes open. I could see since it wasn’t pitch black. I was just relaxing, my mind on