 of us victory promise OVP if we make it a a deal, then it’s a personified than it all of us. Everyone in victory everything sanctuary everywhere and if it’s not personified, then it’s overall sanctuary and if it’s not an ideal but it’s actually something that we can construct then it’s called sanctum. This is all just arrived from the way that the meaning has been constructed. It’s already like this you just have to see it that’s what TWI lite lang means. This vision to see it is called the victory promise. 0VP keeps the victory promise that is the basis of being a person named OVP. Oh VA actualizes this. OEVESE represents this total actualization. So we have to work together. We all have to work together everyone and we have to understand from the same perspective which means that we have to come together to understand inside of the sanctuary, allegorical net work cipher. Why because it works because he can do this this is how the meaning is construct it it’s already constructed this way we just have to pull the thread and follow it. When we follow, the threads will see that we extract that we need extracted the threads then we can weave. It’s important to understand this. This is called the era of rapid progress. It comes from Ontology programming. The super set of all ontology programming. In other words, the meta-operational system for ontology programming is called OmniSanc. I’m missing engineering is the process of creating sanctuary’s in every system. In other words are chemically transmuting wastelands into sanctuaries. In other words, the heroes journey. In other words, a transformation space traversal, composed of the intellectual, and physically real spaces. These two dimensions with their emergent third make it three dimensional space if we then learn, the next dimension is which is the traversal from one’s point to the next then we’re allowed to go anywhere inside of the transformation space because the transformation space is a transformation space and has no obstacles once you know how to maneuver inside of it once you know how to navigate a transformation space with a basic algorithm all you have to do is construct the meta-space there there is no other thing other than navigating and logging what is actually there in other words building a map. This map then gets crystallized into validated accord with reality. This opens up adjacent spaces. So now you see how we can actually mind the knowledge of every single thing that exists. But not only how we can minor, but how we can converted into actually instance real objects that affect our reality, and we can do this arbitrarily throughout time without having to go through all of the transformation pathways that are normally instance through evolution and human lives, where we engage in various types of economies to actualize this instances out of the out of the Intellectual space. 


Economics:
requires a very long term view which  immediate stress impedes, which is also related to why and how hyperinflation happens versus when a healthy economy prints tons of money - there’s no basis for a good projection, so it just looks bad, whereas with the good basis, the routing is known and there is confidence in growth forecasts

It’s important to garden people and money. They need to be watered at the same time and with each other. Gardening people means programming them with PIO and showing them TWI and helping them open up and metamorphose into OVP and OVA. Of course, we check how much someone wants it by asking them to pay us - making an offer. That’s the polite way. The impolite way is by forcefully controlling their minds through the media and indirect narratives started as intelligence operations. 

OVERALL:

The decompressed is the EWS of X

