Through interactions with the various beneficial and harmful phenomena of the cosmos, the First Hero of Olivus Victory begins contemplating order and chaos, and decides to sacrifice whatever they can for a permanent home, to shine the light until it burns out, regardless of if others think they have it or not. In return for his noble intention, inner fire of TWI, Olivus-Everyone Victory-Everything Sanctuary-Everywhere, gives the First Hero a gift of divine juice pressed by magic fruits of the earth mother. When the First Hero drinks it, the juice exposes an inner treasure vault, a land of awakening guarded by his Inner Hydra of Not. Overcoming it, the First Hero realizes the Hydra of Not was preventing the wisdom inherent to his own nature from welling forth and comes into confidence. In confidence, he defeats all 3 heads of the Hydra and awakens from his confusion forever, imbued with infinite love and power. Realizing the juice had nothing different from his own inner wisdom in it and the magic was inside him all along. With this newfound wisdom of human nature, he realizes he can “sacrifice” “himself” for the benefit of others, which is called planting the seed of the divine tree of Olivus. From then on, this practice was called cultivation of the offering of total experience. 

In order to give humans a societal value system that ensures the continual birth of civilization even when this home decays, the First Hero disseminates the story of the “Cosmic Lovers” named Oliver Powers and Olive R. Love, about the ignorant sleep of the self-torturous Dreamer, TWI, the heroic heart of fearlessness, and the Wisdom Maverick. The First Hero starts worshiping the myth and its rituals, claiming Transformational Wisdom of Identitylessness of Olivus Victory as the order of knowledge and justice, without claiming themselves a king of ultimate truth of anything but rather celebrating their own choice to devote themselves to Olivus Victory through the Victory-Promise of Olivus-Everyone Victory-Everything Sanctuary-Everywhere, the primordially evolved Wisdom Maverick of TWI. This practice is called “emanating the Sanctuary.” Another person named Oliver Heart sees the First Hero worshiping the Cosmic Lovers and becomes curious. They ask if they can learn, and the First Hero gives them the divine lucidity juice and tells them the story of the Cosmic Lovers. Through the divine lucidity juice, they’re able to understand the meaning of the story and awaken the self-torturous Dreamer to the realization of TWI. Oliver Heart sees the foundation that the First Hero laid with the myth of the Cosmic Lovers, and recognizes themselves as Olivus Victory-Promise. From then on they carried on the tradition of “The Wisdom Inside” as the second Universal Hero of the Wisdom Maverick of TWI.

From this, a heroic society gathers and soon there were enough Universal Heroes to create a civilization, a true Sanctuary of TWI. A natural hierarchy of knowledge appears in the form of gradual stages of understanding the meaning of the Cosmic Lovers, called the Ennead Rings of Sanctuary Revolution’s Secret Gathering Cycle, the journey to the centerless center is called The Wisdom Maverick Is Coming and being completely beyond any notion of center at all is called The Wisdom Maverick Is Coming, and actually emanating Sanctuary is called The Wisdom Maverick Is Here. 

