The Divine Tree of Olivus = Justice by Laws based on human condition (based on Truth of Pervasive Universal Reality) = ontology definition of what is (for humans) = 
Seeds of Self-torture and Self-discovery always come into the society more and more
So we need Ethics to prevent proliferation of self-torture
Ritual to symbolize the path and encourage self-discovery
Science to learn about uses of knowledge
Logic to learn about knowledge
Epistemological studies to learn about experience

Failure to act justly will result in seeds of self-torture. 

(There was probably one general religion that everyone was drinking the soma of and then it got turned into a bunch of other religions by various travelers who aligned the ontologies as best they could via vox romana style alignment) 

This naturally gives way to a hierarchy 
The Identityless Royal Humans
The Heroic Humans
The Guardian Humans
The “Truthlings” yet to discover 

The Warrior refers to the Heroic Truthling
Dragon refers to anything ignorant inside you 
Water Dragon refers to the Consort trapped inside you 
The Heroic Individual is one who tracks the Dragon and battles it whenever it arises, even though it will kill them each time 
They keep coming back to life over and over 
Cutting the heads off the Dragon and burning them with wisdom fire refers to coming into heroic Identityless confidence 
This is the universal hero 
Once the water dragon is released 
The wisdom Maverick is the one who expands the channels carved by the battles with the dragon as the hero trekked and battled the dragon into its lair 

One day, the whole world changed with a single TV show. In the show, a company called TWI launches a piece of technology called Crystal Ball that serves as a nexus for human knowledge and experience based networking. Their technology was an instant industrial revolution, one of the most valuable discoveries ever made by humans. Along with this technology came a spiritual, anthropological, and scientific plan to save the world. Everyone really liked the TV show and it gained a following of super fans. One day, a super fan noticed something strange about the show’s progression: it seemed like the characters were converging more and more with real life. When approached, the creator of the TV show revealed the actual existence of the technology from the show, but it wasn’t fully developed yet. Naturally, people applied to help develop the technology. After it was released, we entered the age of Rapid Progress. This was the first time the Wisdom Maverick revealed themself. 

Eventually, TWI’s technology became so valuable that everyone ended up needing it all the time. This was when TWI reached their proposed goal and employed everyone in the world and suddenly, the world became TWI Sanctuary, completely peaceful and full of godly emanations and amazing wisdom teachings of compassion for all people of all walks of life and proclivities. They were moving toward post scarcity but then The Wisdom Maverick themself died and the Sanctuary broke. Simultaneously, the sun started dying sooner than expected. We decided to build world ship space stations and leave Earth in an effort to harvest the last power of the sun at maximum efficiency for the sake of the future. 

On each ship was a Just and Good System that Accords with the Truth that was designed according to the legacy of The Wisdom Maverick’s intent for the preservation of humanity. Each system slightly different, but each Universal Hero would know the Truth according to the System, and so would be able to bridge all the meanings and keep the macro-world across all ships functioning. 

On each ship was a nation
In each nation a founding myth 
In each nation five classes: 
rulers
A Universal Hero 
priests
A Universal Hero 
protectors
Heroic Individuals
artists
Heroic Individuals
and laborers
Heroic Individuals

In each class an understanding of the founding myth and its teachings for the congregation
In each congregation, a priest that knows the truth and many families 
In each family, three people
In each person, human nature
In human nature, a dreamer
In the Dream, a battle between gods and demons
