AI SaaS for prompt engineering


YouTube 
Unstructured videos
Stories people will like
Playlists
Value ladders
Videos for Funnels
How to overcome each step
Lead magnet
Offer


IN PRIVATE: OLIVUS VICTORY-PROMISE


Which means DO THE OVP FUNNEL FIRST
BUT WITHOUT ANY ADVERTISING
Who is OVP?
What is Sanctuary? 
What is Crystal Ball and how did this all happen
What is a wisdom Maverick?
PIO literate
Secret Allegorical Wisdom (anarchocryptowisdomism)
 
What is the Revolution? 
What is the Victory-Everything Chain


SANC is a wrapper on top of REVTWILITELANGMAP because people can’t really get into it otherwise — there are too many cognitive hazards

Sanctuary cannot be front facing A it should be secret and only people with proximity to me should find out about it. The funnel should be like a surprise birthday party “CONGRATULATIONS! YOURE ABOUT TO FIND OUT WHO YOU RESLLY ARE!” 

The SANCTUARY SYSTEM is the container for the lore - “if you made an AI that actually had all these tools (from sanctuary) all in one it would be THE SANCTUARY SYSTEM.”

The sanctuary system chains:
(“Diaries” I write to Olivus, which are actually sales letters about the sanctuary system)

Chain1: what is the Sanctuary Allegorical Network Cipher? 


What is the Victory-Promise?
Who is Olivus Victory-Promise?
Hey Olivus! it’s me, Isaac, and this is how Olivus Victory-Promise changed my life
Struggling in the wasteland
Meeting OVP
What is Sanctuary?
How does Olivus Victory-Promise go to Sanctuary?
By keeping the Victory-Promise
What happens when Olivus Victory-Promise finds Sanctuary?
Metamorphosis into Olivus Victory-Ability building Sanctuaries
What is building Sanctuaries?
Clarifying the orderliness of systems by discovering unknowns
Such that there is a benefit in terms of progress in victory-everything chain
What is victory-everything chain? 
The totality of instances of Olivus Victory-Ability required to completely realize the Victory-Promise of Olivus-Everyone Victory-Everything Sanctuary-Everywhere
Who is Olivus-Everyone Victory-Everything Sanctuary-Everywhere?
The dream of Olivus Victory-Promise in the infinite story I can’t get out of my head
What is the foundational practice for keeping the victory-promise? 
Basic Formal Sanctuary Cultivation
What is the foundational practice for empowering the Victory-Promise? 
ROAR
Where can I learn them? 
Discord
MeetOVP


Chain result: SANC is the mode of understanding in which the infinite story of Olivus Victory-Promise is told. Going through Chain1, it is intuitively understood that a sanctuary signals a method for compassion in action, a view that sustains it, and a blueprint for building more sanctuaries. 

