SANCTUARY SYSTEM: Introduction

First and foremost there is the question of what it is: what is the Sanctuary System? It’s the way I gather my intention and go about the world. It’s a tried and true method for increasing all types of wonderful things like health, wealth, relationships and happiness. It is a vehicle for helping you to accomplish those aspects of a fulfilling, satisfactory, and wonderful life. This inconceivable vehicle called the Sanctuary System is driven by recognizing and resting in the inherent meaning of Sanctuary. It’s intuitive and all intuitions are whole - they have no contradiction. In the Sanctuary System, it is not considered wrong to have the thought that 1+1=3 but rather it is the mission of Sanctuary to be a “place” where peoples’ minds are calm enough to look at a thought like 1+1=3 and do the math themselves, so-to-speak. Recognize what it is, the thought, reflect, parse it, and connect to reality. Another important aspect of this is that in Sanctuary, although people can be wrong and do wrong, they cannot be invalid. 

The Sanctuary System is a liferaft made with meaning – by following meaning and navigating intently. The safety net of meaning that is Sanctuary, and its systemic nature of being a net, holding, and catching are all emotional glosses attempting to explain or indicate the meaning of the term Sanctuary and the intent of Sanctuary. 

The intent of Sanctuary is called Victory-Promise. Why? Because Sanctuary, having to do with inherent safety, has to do with victory that is only achievable through trust. It strictly does not have to do with the type of victory resultant from overpowering and defeating external, physical foes. That would certainly be a contradiction of sorts – how could we have total safety if we still engaged in battle? Rather it has to do with total victory of non-contradiction: Sanctuary war is ruthlessly waged against all opposing forces via dignity itself in the form of the Victory-Promise. Sanctuary intent, also called Victory-Promise, is completely beyond and above the concept of an enemy. It is precisely because of this view of non-contradiction, this complete dedication to the victory of Sanctuary, that the Victory-Promise becomes indestructible, invulnerable, unstoppable and so on. As a concept, as a meaning, Sanctuary can never be defeated. No matter what, this much is absolutely certain. May you experience it.

Sanctuary is a place:
Physical:
Emotional:

Sanctuary is a feeling:
Positivity:
Love:

Sanctuary is a knowledge:
Compassion vs nihilism:
Power vs Demonic Intent:

Sanctuary is a promise:
Victory-Promise:

Victory-Promise is a intent:

Intent is a practice: ROAR

Practice requires calm: BASIC FORMAL SANCTUARY CULTIVATION





“What a strange world, this Sanctuary! What beings might I find within?”

The Waking Dreamer. This is the name of all intelligence. Do you see it? Are you awake, or are you dreaming? It is never possible to tell unless you define them as opposites, but when you define the characteristics of a dream and the characteristics of reality, suddenly, they vanish into each other. What is really going on? Where is “I, you, me, us, them” actually happening?




1) SANC reclaims the notion that a Wisdom Maverick is one who has defeated the DemonChampion to some degree so OVP, OVA, OEVESE all WMs.

2) SANCREV DEP = "Wisdom Maverick Training". Positioned like jedi training. This is the Order of Wisdom Mavericks.

3) Within it is the Secret Gathering Cycle of TWI



Write it as wikipedia entries
Write it as “what you need to know to use Sanctuary System”
Hero’s Journey: 
Systems thinking
Polysemic Allegories
Polysemic Imaginary Ontology
Sanctuary|Wasteland
Sanctuary
Wasteland
Olivus-Everyone Victory-Everything Sanctuary-Everywhere
Complete manifestation of the Inner Sanctuary
Complete manifestation of the Outer Sanctuary
Omnipresent inherently complete manifestation of Overall Sanctuary
Cultivation
Basic
Advanced
Roar
WakingDreamer
Day
OVP|DemonChampion
Called Day because it is somewhat upon reflection, they are seen
Night
InnerTeacher|IgnoranceEmperor
Called Night because these cannot be truly seen or designated
OMNISANC Engine
