TWI Project for Storytelling, Story Engineering, and Mythcrafting 

Founded by Oliver Dreams

There is a set of principles and these are good for humanity. These are called themes. 
There are events through which we learn these principles. These are called stories. 
There are flaws due to which we refuse the journey of those events and remain ignorant of the principles we would discover. These are called story engines. 
There are mediums for communication. These are called storytelling techniques. 

Basically, HJ as an argument means: 

Lie is the antithesis, believed due to Trauma, and supposes a False World Problem (kill all the dragons) that masks the Current World Problem blighting the land (dragons are oppressed and need to be freed)
The Lie (all Vikings slay all dragons) presents obstacles to Gnosis by being antithetical to the need (free yourself by befriending a dragon, free your friends by helping them to befriend dragons, free all dragons and Vikings from the False World Problem by destroying the Current World Dragon, which altogether destroys the Current World Problem)

Impact is the thesis out of focus, such that it is insufficient for solving the World Problem. 
Impact is hypothetically correct but doesn’t solve the need, exactly (dragons aren’t bad)
And in act 2, we will go through the argument’s premises and see the interplay between the antithesis and the out of focus thesis, which will sharpen it
Dragons aren’t bad because they don’t want to fight
Dragons aren’t bad because they can be tamed with eels 
Dragons aren’t bad because hiccup can fly toothless
Dragons aren’t bad because they’re just oppressed by Red Death 
Vikings aren’t bad they just don’t understand dragons 
Double down on Dragons are for slaying the Red Death

All is lost is a new idea that fully expresses Thesis on the basis of the combined thinking of the Impact and Flawed worldviews (dragons are for dragon slaying X dragons are our friends, we ride them) 
dragons aren’t bad and if we use dragons for slaying the Red Death, my new generation Vikings should all ride the dragons like I ride toothless.

Gathering Allies is the beginning of the synthesis of the Gnosis Worldview
We should ride those dragons into battle
Save the day 

Ultimate Boon is proves the Gnosis Worldview is the solution to the Current World Problem and transmits the Gnosis Worldview via direct introduction 

(dragons are for dragon slaying and dragons are for riding and friendship = therefore, I should ride my dragon into the Current World Dragon and kill the Current World Dragon using the dragon secrets I found out from my friendship with my dragon, removing the blight that causes the ignorance of the Current World Problem which caused my trauma that caused me to believe the lie that prevented me from growing in the way that I did such that I realized all the reasons why this Gnosis Worldview solves the Current World Problem in a way that transmits the Gnosis to others) 

Defeating the Current World Dragon is the solution to the Current World Problem, which is how the audience and storyworld members gain confidence that the thesis is correct. On that basis we see:

Master of Two Worlds is the fully expressed synthesis
And then all Vikings see that dragons can be our friends. They are basically good just like people. They will ride them and live happily ever after. 

Bad guys close in seems to be = back to square one in external problem 
The hero presses on in identity and things get even worse in impact story, back to square one

This antagonizes the ordeal against the gnosis worldview and the status quo moves deeper toward reverting to ordinary world 

The hero gets sad and finds the way the impact worldview connects to the gnosis worldview completely for the first time, actually stating the thought 

Then they use their mastery to imagine a plan to storm the castle

Then they gather allies 
storm the castle 
But can’t engage the antagonist because there is a problem
High tower surprise/stunning surprise 
