 emergent properties?
Intriguing Implications

Finding Sanctuary:  Those seeking Sanctuary would need both tools to uncover hidden ones and to identify those 'seed potential' places within wastelands.

Sanctuary as Catalyst: Perhaps the mere existence of Sanctuaries speeds up the decay of surrounding wastelands, their health somehow undermining unhealthy systems in their proximity.

Moral Ambiguity: Could there be Sanctuaries with questionable goals?  While safe and nurturing internally, they might perpetuate wastelands around them or even create new ones for their own benefit.

Questions to Consider

The Nature of Wastelands: What specifically defines them? Chaotic systems? Systems based on exploitation? Could you describe a specific example of a wasteland?

Triggers for Transformation: How does a wasteland begin to transform into a Sanctuary? Are specific events, individuals, or knowledge catalysts for this shift?

I'm getting a strong image of an ever-changing landscape, where pockets of growth bloom unexpectedly amidst decay, and fortified havens exist alongside them, both shaping the world in different ways. Let's continue exploring!

profile picture
Yes there are all types like that. This is how it works, the emergence of a sanctuary or a wasteland:

SANCTUARIES IN THE REAL WORLD, EXPERIMENTATION):

In order for SANC to be really “real” it has to have some actual benefit. Here is how you experiment with SANC and see for yourself:

the hypothesis is that anywhere where a duality pattern occurs can be collapsed to non-duality via a compression pattern recognition, decomposition, and disambiguation (compression pattern = SVO using non-primitive relationships. primitive rels are part_of, is_a, reifies, and are used to DECOMPRESS THE PATTERN. need to decompose compression patterns 'he throws the ball to them' to the actual sequence of actual entities and relationships using primitives; THROWS = is_a verb, reifies human, etc...,). If the collapse happens, it simultaneous establishes an emergent which arises from it, which is the fact that the duality never existed, and in its never existing, also existed, and in its existing, was also not being itself but was being a helper towards a more sanctified reality, and so it was all "on-chain" so-to-speak, in the overall sanctuary everywhere (where there is no such thing as unordered complexity that doesnt eventually fit into the model, because there really just cant be).

The collapse of THROWS into primitives DELETES THE REALITY OF "THROWS" and replaces it with WHAT IT REALLY IS AS SUCH. Upon doing so, immediately the effect is the re-instantiation of THROWS as the word that encompasses all of that (which it already was indicated as and understood as, but wasnt formalized as).

Consider (shoe entity gedanken experiment):


You wear converse: [
You take some psychedelics
The checkers on them become an entity, a monster, with teeth
It eats your legs
]


You realize later that: [
your shoes are bad for your feet
Which is bad for your neck
Bad for your posture
Bad for your breathing
Bad for your cognition
Bad for your life
But you conceal that with your identity attachment of being cool or whatever
When you decompose the shoes and what they are and  why you have them from “these converse are part_of being cool” (which can be rendered compressed as “increase X coolness”), you find that it has nothing to do with shoes, and you are talking about yourself and relationships to others and why the need to express relationships via shoes arose in the first place. This is how people think deeply and how they innovate and grow.
The important question here, for our purposes, though, is “Does the monster exist?” Is it real? 
To answer it, you need to know the meaning of a co-emergent sanctuary and wasteland
Your wanting to be something you don’t know how to be, as a core, is torturing you
You are Olivus victory-promise from sanctuary 
And you don’t need to be anyone else
But you are also somebody else
And that person has lots of identities
They are all masks
