Regarding beginningless-endless lifetimes, whether or not we actually were all these other people is irrelevant. Either all the information ever is stored in the information storehouse that is the display as it is now or it is only personal information. Either way, we will be able to reconstruct lifetimes infinitely in our minds at the time of death, so functionally it will always seem as if the substrate is outside of us and all sentient beings AND the substrate, are in those forms, also the formless form of identityless self-emergent wisdom display, itself. In this way, as well, since you can always reveal the display’s perfection to yourself, but when revealed to sentient beings it takes the form of time and experience, a sentient being can never actually know much about the wisdom mind but can find out infinite amounts of information about the display’s perfection through the substrate (ironically, again, except for the information about the wisdom display, itself). Humorous wanderers just call that endeavor “science” without realizing much about this part. 

It is only because all sentient beings’ mind essences are not the ignorant substrate they operate as, but rather wisdom mind, which “contains” or “knows” or “superlogically imagines” all the past and future lives of all possible lifetime masks of “sentient beings”, that this is quite confusing. That’s another reason why it is best to just accept the cultivational state and not worry! 

So, beginningless-endless lifetimes and all forces of the universe are simply the wisdom display. Because the display works like a mirror, it truly can become anything at all, but the way it becomes whatever it can become is through what is already displayed. This is the beginning of superlogic. Through cultivation we actually change the way what is in the display proliferates as an emanation from ourselves into the minds of all sentient beings (through acting with the fearless heroic heart). Thinking of it this way, we can dispense with magic rituals that confuse people and concepts engineered by sentient beings to help them keep power that helps them continue to believe in their own existence and hurt others while keeping them ignorant. I won’t take it! 

To an Awakened One, everyone else is already an awakened one, but since sentient beings don’t know that, to an awakened one, others are awakened ones pretending to be sentient beings or awakening beings to some degree, from their own side (while still being a fully awakened one to the awakened one, and not just a confused, pretending awakened one). That is why when the awakened ones meet you they speak to you as if you are you but also all the other yous. It is also why, most likely, you will not notice until you begin to reveal your own realization. How is this possible? Because of the Continuous Revelation of Reality’s Display of Infinite Perfection, the Wisdom Informatihedron. May we experience it! 


Words of advice

Reverberation and high and low frequencies at the same time with bells and cymbals and those types of sounds, and distant thunderous drums that get closer and louder and shake the earth, are phenomena that resemble the continuous revelation of perfect thought-feelings and can help you relax. 

Remember, because of the way the display emanates, anything you fantasize about “exists” somewhere in the totality, even if you don’t experience it in this waking reality (because it’s impossible here), it is still the actual condition right now, and this one you will experience is a different — yet still complete — perfection of timeless webbed infinitude of infinite perfection. How incredibly amazing! 

Don’t be upset when things don’t go “as perfectly” as you hoped - you’re a sentient being! Instead, stop the possibility of being upset at all by awakening to the identitylessness of timeless webbed infinitude of infinite perfection!


Practice 

The method of cultivation known as breaking through ignorance by opening the mind