Only when you catch yourself doing that will you be able to do something about it, and it’s important to know that, so please don’t skip over this part! 


When your relaxed, open awareness is directly experienced as the reflection of the aggregates in the entire display, then you can look at the internal appearances of the display, in the method of cultivation known as Symbolic Travel Beyond Ignorance. 

But you should know all the myriad mirage-like internal appearances are actually symbols of your own concepts about reality and yourself! So once you collapse all these through being open and vulnerable towards them (which will basically destroy your concrete hope-and-fear-based, ignorance-derived identity and allow wisdom waters to trickle into you and carve their rivers throughout your awakening nexus as they join the universal-ocean water dragon of the awake) the meanings of the nature of everything you’ve ever thought about will well up inside of you and pour out as power, meaning methods to help others realize Wisdom, and all your emotions will arise as expressions of universal love and appreciation. This experience will continue from then on and is what it means to awaken. In comparison to the fantasies of the ultimate powers of God or Buddha or other Reality Holders, awakening is truly not a big deal. Upon awakening it is however also obvious that apart from this entity, neither external nor internal powers can be said to have any basis in reality. 

In a way, it’s just like having gone to kindergarten and gotten used to your parents leaving you behind. When other kids arrive, on their first day of kindergarten, they are sad and afraid to leave their parents. The parents know their child must experience this natural part of growing up, so due to compassion they drop them off and leave them. You want to help them realize kindergarten is amazing, and because you went through it and you remember their position and you feel their own suffering in the uniqueness of their position, this combines with compassion, and because of your form and experience being just like this upset, angry, sad, suffering, ignorant child — you can help! Not only can you help but this job of potentially providing this type of help has essentially been entrusted to you (as part of the container of Kindergarten) by the parents (even though technically it is truly the job of the teachers and other adults at the school). However, suffering is always like this because of the emergent complexities of negative feedback loops caused by ignorance, so what happens is even though you think you can and want to help and try your hardest, this one, poor child, creates the hallucination that their parents abandoned them and is paralyzed as if in a lightless cave. You try everything you can think of and eventually you realize you will need to stop being a child and build your own building and start your own school all just to help this one, poor child who has created the hallucination that their parents abandoned them on the first day of school! All due to their not knowing that the whole time, their parents were waiting just “beyond” “the door of the classroom” — cheering for the child to journey “outside”, open the door and truly finish the “first day of school” — because they were always just the display of the child’s own wisdom, and they never even “left them alone at school” at all. Just know your identity is playing all these negative roles, the positive role of your own awakening, and the role of all the symbolic playfulness of your hopes and fears and their inner wisdom radiance. Your own inner wisdom is the most heroic mode of operation of the biological machine called you. It is cheering for you to reunite with it while sending you all kinds of messages about how to do so. 

