If you do keep it
You will awaken to the revelation of yourself as Identityless wisdom 
And boundless benefit will naturally arise 


In order to make any progress on the birthright journey called the path of awakening, you will need to identify the actual method of applying the teachings about awakening to your own habitual conceptual patterns through your own natural intelligence (the intelligence that realizes when things are correct, not the intelligence that you think you direct to and fro, which is ironically directing you like a circus elephant). 

In order to apply the teachings about awakening to your own habitual conceptual patterns through your own natural intelligence, you will need to develop the mind of concentration and use it to develop stability in your mind. Within this stability, if you then investigate reality using the wisdom investigation methods, you will naturally and automatically awaken yourself through letting your realizing intelligence mix with the primordial nature of your experience. This will automatically awaken you because you naturally possess all of the pieces necessary, but usually in this day and age, we obscure ourselves with speedy minds that conceptualize on top of reality so fast we can’t see “it.” Using that kind of mind to investigate itself in the container of identitylessness in order to reveal one’s awakened nature, will result in a naive and egoistic understanding of oneself and reality. This is because as soon as your primordial awareness and intelligence begin to mix, you will manifest your own demons and you will not be able to overcome the demon of your own ignorance when it comes rushing back as a type of god-like realization because you will not have any stability in recognizing the difference between awareness of primordial experience and awareness of “being me.” In other words, without first coming to realizing identitylessness of self, you will accomplish nothing at all by contemplating the identity of phenomena and doing so can leave you worse off, thinking you’ve done these investigations correctly and awakened, when actually you’ve just become an egomaniac with a god complex. 

But before we do any of this, there are a great deal of misconceptions in this current age that I would like to make apparent. 

The external world
Consciousness 
Psychedelics 
Dreams
Death
Meditation 
Types of meditation and their effects
Types of awakening and what that might mean 
Conclusion: Universe or Wisdom Mind? Universe is always experienced by a mind and so indistinguishable from Wisdom Mind. The question of “is reality a Universe where it seems like all of this all at once or is it a Wisdom Mind that seems like a Universe?” is actually paradoxical in its own nature. Reality simply IS paradoxical to humans on account of it being reality and humans being a part of reality that experience human-reality. Experiencing reality IS paradoxical in a noncontradictory way, but instead of automatically realizing that, we literally experience the notion of contradiction within it as being a sentient being who is subject to experiencing this paradoxical ignorance as suffering, a reality dis-play that can never be fun. Or we experience the notion of contradiction as Wisdom Play and have infinite amounts of fun while letting our minds be completely, lucidly clear and without any thoughts of “me” to take us to dark places. The choice is ours. Here’s the kicker, you can only automatically understand reality with one intention. That is The Wisdom Intent, TWI. 

Reality has countless names but here we definitively call it Timeless Webbed Infinitude of Infinite Perfection, also TWI. In each experiential instance of TWI, you will find emanations. The main emanations are:

Guardian Protectors
Emanations that are ultimately beneficial. As such, they are guardians who approve or deny access to the next gate of universal power on the path by evaluating the extent of fearlessness in your heroic heart. Your ability to be fearless, which is called courage, is proportional to the amount of effort you put into generating heroic activity with your physical actions, expressions, and aspirations. 

