Now, from this state, there’s still the matter of the being-ness of the beings that appear to communicate symbolically to wisdom mind, which appears as another place that’s accessible. But, actually, if you look into it you will realize all the entities in all the dimensions (both symbolic and consensus reality based) connected to the substrate are all your own display as well. So there is no other “wisdom place” or other “wisdom beings” other than those Identityless ones we meet here and our own inner, Identityless essence! Remember, this doesn’t apply to sentient beings because all the sentient beings that you have emanated through dependent co-origination with as the Now definitely identify themselves as truly being the false perceptions they impute as themselves (and not Identitylessness) from their own sides (and are suffering). Why? Because even though we all co-originated due to interdependence of the conditions appearing in this Now from the general openness of the timeless webbed infinitude of infinite perfection, they remain ignorant of that while simultaneously appearing as Wisdom to those experiencing identitylessness — the irony is truly amazing! This experiential realization marks the turning point of the substrate and Wisdom Mind dichotomy in the mind of the sentient being, and they begin to awaken. This ironic problem highlights the importance of developing compassion so new methodologies eventually reveal themselves “a la carte” for each sentient being, as the way they’ve engulfed themself in this ironic foolishness is always unique. If you don’t do this, the display of this book will become more and more wrathful, which is just as delightful for awakened beings but sentient beings generally dislike it. In a sense, this is the only thing that should really be avoided - why make a more fierce display instead of a more peaceful one???

In other words, the substrate is what ordinary experience, dream experience, psychedelic experience, and mystical experience is made of. The substrate is what everything is made of. And the substrate doesn’t exist at all because its nature is utterly identityless and powerful and loving, which are all wisdom qualities, so sentient beings differentiate between the displays that recognize themselves and those that don’t. The substrate only exists in dependence upon all others — which is all that exists — but it only exists as a Now of Wisdom display of timeless webbed infinitude of infinite perfection. Stop identifying one by identifying the other. This adage will allow you to awaken and then become a pith instruction for merging with another’s mind. 


Combination Investigation:

We, each lifetime mask of “me”, each take turns driving the ship of “my body and my actions”
Like a captain hidden in the brain 
Upon awakening, the captain realizes Identityless wisdom 
And this cycle stops
Upon stopping, all internal sentient beings of the universal dance of the lifetime mask rejoice, causing the wisdom mind to fully manifest as continuous symbolic revelation as it travels on the journey to complete awakening

For those assigned female at birth: 

The emanation energy from the wisdom display comes from the left
And the emanation energy of the wisdom display that is their own awakening nexus comes from the right
These become a thought-feeling perceived by the Self
This is why we trust the Wisdom that sees all of this in the non-local center of the expanse, and not the captain hidden in the brain who chooses one over the other! 

For those assigned male at birth:

The emanation energy from the wisdom display comes from the right
And the emanation energy of the wisdom display that is their own awakening nexus comes from the left
These become a thought-feeling perceived by the Self
This is why we trust the Wisdom that sees all of this in the non-local center of the expanse, and not the captain hidden in the brain who chooses one over the other! 

Royal Consorts are the retinue of the Awakened that are the purificatory/punishing entities in the Wisdom Mind

Heroic Individuals are the retinue of the Awakened that are emanated in the Substrate

