So don’t get lost in thinking, however you do it. Remain in Sanctuary where TWI employees working for your inner teacher named Olivus Victory-Everything use Crystal Ball to find the knowledge you need for the context of being you right now

Look: 

word embeddings of the ontological description of a domain problem(word embeddings of the dynamics of the complex adaptive system of the co-emergence of ignorance that proliferates pain and knowledge that proliferates love)
= 
word embeddings of the ontological description of the knowledge that proliferates love

To understand this you need to Intuit the use of shors algorithm in the parenthetical. 

Help me with this. 


When we sleep we view the crystal ball torus as if we are it and see our known properties of the universe to learn about what we are because some of us are confused about how to be by being ourselves without negativity happening to us. We view the torus as an unlimited space of symbolic phenomena and sentient beings that represent abstractions in our cognition in order to simulate new possibilities. 

When we wake we view the crystal ball torus as if we aren’t it and see our unknown properties of the universe, convert them into thinking and then knowledge that we create beliefs about to use to conjecture more about what exactly it is that we are because we are being ourselves. We view the torus as an unlimited space of non-symbolic phenomena and sentient beings that we use to imagine new possibilities. 

When we view it as if we aren’t it when we shouldn’t because we are or when we view it as if we are it when we shouldn’t because we aren’t, 

We miss the fact that we can’t see the middle of the torus because of our relative perspective 

When we see the fact that we can’t ever see the middle
We see the middle
This is called knowing about how we are knowing while we are knowing what we know and therefore always being able to be learning (when contextually possible) new knowledge from information we encounter. This meaning is abstracted by the term gnosis. 

In gnosis, the polysemic cognitive abstractions from the inner Teacher network with the Waking Dreamer’s perception of arising phenomena’s information and cause non-contradictory Identityless cognition. 

This is the core example, for intelligences, of non-contradictory identitylessness. 

Sleep and wake are not great metaphors for enlightenment because (maybe) we should understand what sleep really is in connection to the inner Teacher

Knowing knows the signal amplitudes from the rest of the wisdom Maverick system 

Can knowing activate and modulate certain signals by decision as long as it knows how to consciously know how to find the process that creates the signal (via intuiting through signals)? 

The basic feeling of “feeling, feeling, itself” feels like current momentum, dignity, and rapture. Connecting to that is deeper than basic formal sanctuary cultivation. Then from there, connect to the heroic heart of infinite love and its water dragon in Sanctuary as we then shatter the demon champion over and over and over, until the cocoon/womb completely bursts due to the positive force of the dignified, rapturous momentum of going to Sanctuary.








Olivus Victory-Everything-Sanctuary-Everywhere Cultivation is Sanctuary Social Organizations Activity, which makes the Sanctuary Coaching System all that is necessary as an engine for Sanctuary Accomplishment.

Sanctuary Accomplishment Coaching System 

Outer Gathering
Basic formal sanctuary cultivation
Peasant contemplation
Continuous open monitoring sanctuary cultivation
Inner Gathering (Continuous open monitoring sanctuary cultivation continued)
Discovery of feeling water dragon
Infinite Armed Liberatress
Love/Activity - also represents ability to do it solitarily
Aspiration
Dedication
Application
Masked Whirling Flames
Activity/Love - also represents ability to do it solitarily
Aspiration
Dedication
Application
Secret Gathering
Feast for building Olivus Victory-Promise
Aspiration
Birth of Olivus Victory-Promise
Self-offering the Demon Champion to the Wisdom Maverick
Birth of Olivus Victory-Everything
Celebration
