Hey I’m Isaac Wostrel-Rubin, 
I'm an artist exploring the intersection of reality, mental health, technology, and storytelling. 

For this project I’m breaking down all of the arcs of my life into story threads so I can map them with AI tools to build a platform where Olivus can write our life stories and see how we interrelate. I’ll make a prototype by telling my story, and once it works, I’ll open it up so anyone can join. This project is called Sanctuary Nexus. 

I’m excited to see what happens and if you leave a comment on this video, I’ll reply. 

So, are you ready to hear the story I can’t get out of my head?

Let’s start with a quick rundown of the hero’s journey. 

The short version is any symbolic expression of the following: 

An ordinary person ventures forth from a wasteland of some form of self-torture, undergoes a trial where they overcome their fear of the unknown and then uses that fearlessness back in the wasteland to confront the unknown. 

They confront their greatest fear and discover the knowledge of the way to end that self-torture. They then learn how to express that knowledge to other ordinary people with the same fear, who then perceive that person telling them the knowledge as a hero. 

Then other ordinary people use the hero’s knowledge to overcome the limitations of the previous status quo worldview. With that, the wasteland transforms into a Sanctuary.

Who is that someone, the hero? We all know it represents us. 
But What does that representation say about who we are, fundamentally? 
Does it mean we just always assume we’re the main character? 
That seems shallow.

My first hypothesis about the Hero’s Journey in real life, is that if we name this hero, our lives will take on new meaning. This video is to test that hypothesis with this statement: 
one of the hero’s epithets
is 
Olivus Victory-Promise from Sanctuary. 

My second hypothesis about the Hero’s Journey in real life is that
By hearing about how I’m writing this story of Olivus Victory-Promise from Sanctuary by recognizing myself as Olivus Victory-Promise in the Wasteland and going to Sanctuary, you’ll know why this is the story I can’t get out of my head. 

If those hypotheses are correct, what will follow this video is the reality of how Olivus Victory-Promise recognizes themselves, goes to Sanctuary and overcomes self-torture in the Wasteland status quo to establish themselves in Sanctuary.  

In order to escape self-torture in the Wasteland and go to Sanctuary, Olivus Victory-Promise must aspire towards total reliance on the powers of love and fearlessness. 

Olivus must then actually overcome all obstacles and beat the infinite game of intent played between the heroes of Sanctuary, named Olivus Victory-Promise, and the demon champions, who proliferate the Wasteland.

Demons proliferate the wasteland because they don’t recognize themselves as Olivus Victory-Promise, since they’ve tortured themselves into believing they don’t deserve love. 

They do this to themselves on the basis of never knowing their own name, and therefore never having been able to go to Sanctuary. This is why it’s important that Olivus Victory-Promise recognizes who they are. For Olivus, Victory is Promised in Sanctuary.

This has been the prologue to the story I can’t get out of my head. The Dreamlights Story Universe of Olivus Victory-Promise from Sanctuary, 
which takes place right here, right now, 
is a continually self-writing epic that turns you into its hero, in a different volume, 
where the hero has your very own name, 
as soon as you start to comprehend it. 

Hey Olivus,

Welcome to Sanctuary.

If you’re starting to feel like you might be Olivus Victory-Promise from Sanctuary and you want to stop torturing yourself and escape the Wasteland, click the link in the description and get on the waitlist for access to my toolkit for building Sanctuary Nexus so we can all go to Sanctuary, together. 

Please remember to like this video, subscribe to the channel, and hit the bell so the algorithm helps Olivus Victory-Promise go to Sanctuary. Please leave a comment and tell me what you think. I’ll try to reply to all the comments. 

Thank you and much love. 
