Ribcage marketing and sales 
Legal Flower business model and pitch deck
Wesley = TWI operations and Sanctuary content
“The World” 
Thinkific Course(s)
Personal YouTube
Artist Statement
Meditation series
Sanctuary series
Trip reports
Secret History: Hypothetical Truths About…
Endogenous ayahuasca/dark retreat
The Bear/The Dragon
Kingdom Teachings
History
Soma War
Contemporary Soma War aka “The Matrix”
Hero’s Journey
In life
Screenplay ontology series
Book about Schizophrenia
My Schizophrenic World
Feeling bad / being bad (Peter juvenile hall joke) cascaded into a trip. Can’t be solved unless I decide I am good? 
Pitch decks
Sanctuary Network State - global awakening
White paper
Revised and elongated Ennead plan 
Nexus - global coordination 
White paper
Crystal Ball - general intelligence for humans
White paper
Sanctuary AI - super intelligence
White paper
Screenplay machine
White paper
Screenplay ontology
Illustration ontology
Highlighting ontology 
Genre Instance ontology
Locations ontology
Content about screenplay ontology 
Scripts written with screenplay ontology
Fixing my own scripts with the screenplay ontology
Intro to Screenplay Ontology
Emergence ontology (kind of like Mandelbrot’s work on fractals)
Essay?
Book? 


Things I would like to become

Artist/Content creator, writer, writing content creator and teacher, artistic content creator and teacher, meditation teacher and content creator
Ontology Engineer, writing teacher, meditation teacher
Writer


Roadmap:

Meditation teacher - thinkific course up

Content creator - 
Artistic statement
Sanctuary Art
meditation playlist
Peasant Contemplation
Basic Formal Sanctuary Cultivation
Shamatha/vipassana
7 pointed posture
Gaze 2-20 ft
View
Everything we sense is ultimately displayed to us through our own mind. All phenomena appear to be both mental and physical and can be described from either point of view. Ultimately, what we experience is not distinguishable from our own mind. The essence of our mind is this experience. The essence of compassion is resting in it and giving that opportunity to others whenever and however possible. 
Specifically, the mind is naturally clear in that it is clearly aware of itself.
The mind is naturally identityless. The identitylessness pervades all phenomena, which are only experienced by a mind that can not designate anything outside of it.
The mind is naturally lit. The process of the emergence of phenomena is continuous and does not cause a departure from clarity or identitylessness. They are all included within each other in a non-contradictory system of the nature of human perception of our own awareness. 
In order to realize this, there is a technique for recognizing this nature through cultivating familiarity with the mind.
Count 21 breaths
Open to the environment 
Experience the Sanctuary
The object is the recognition of arising thoughts, which encompasses both of the breath and the environment, which are both part of thinking itself.
Beyond all of this, the experience is just goodness, perfection, the unborn Sanctuary of awareness.
Fun stories
Trip reports
Meditation Experiences
Mental Health
Schizophrenia
Depression
Depersonalization/Derealization
Self-hate
Grandiosity
You don't need to be grandiose to be involved, to be loved, and to have friends or a job or a life in society.
Secret history hypotheses
Endogenous Soma
Kingdom Teachings
Soma War
Contemporary Soma War is for DMT, itself and the world that can be created with its use
This is the most dangerous version because it has the power to be incredibly oppressive. We have seen soma kingdoms created that are oppressive to those not in the ruling class. The best we can do is to say the ruling class is life, itself.  