Streaming #1 priority - easiest to accomplish
For stream, lets have website operational and the first explainer video about TWI 
Twitch 
Discord 
Website 
YouTube
Explainer
Stream about: 
Building wiki 
Building websites
Brainstorming together 
Doing whatever TWI does 

Maybe 2 hours per day 


ONE BIG IDEA - TWI IS THE HEROIC HEART 
VERY SIMPLE - THE WORLD ILLUMINATED BY YOU - save the world by fearlessly being yourself 
EASY TO BELIEVE
EASY TO UNDERSTAND
INTERESTING
UNIQUE 
DIRECT
CLEAR
REINFORCE SINGULAR MESSAGE WITH BULLET POINTS 

Right videos
Right audio 
Right topics 
Right audience
Right optimization 
= rapid growth 


5 videos to launch channel 
Different types
See what resonates best

Tube buddy add on 

Batch production/scheduled release 

Search optimization with Google trends by searching keywords related to your niche 

What do we need to have to approach influencers about TWI? 

Videos should not have names like “intro to TWI” but rather should have titles like 
TWI’s insane plan to save the world with a corporation (what is TWI?) 
What does it mean to be human? 
What is TWI? (Intention etc) 
THIS IS HOW you torture yourself (and how to stop)
How to stop torturing yourself 
How to become a hero 
How to take yourself on a hero’s journey 


Video format
Intro
Did you know about this problem? 
Problem
These are the details 
Solution
This is the solution 
Outro 
Call to action - this highlights a larger problem in the world 
These are some solutions you can use to contribute to solving the larger problem 


Sean Cannell ranked video academy 




General overview:

We are an altruistic think tank called The World Incorporated. Our main task is creating a sustainable ecosystem based on the value of human capital as applied to the rapid progress of civilization to post-scarcity. 

We believe this starts with a social media network. Why? Because the problems plaguing social media exemplify the problems plaguing the human condition. In an endeavor to connect ourselves with each other, we create a platform where good happens but also we hurt each other in all manner of ways that cause negativity to cascade throughout time. As a result, many people experience hatred, violence, mental anguish, depression, and suicide. 

What if social media did the opposite? In an endeavor to connect ourselves with each other, we create a platform to guide us in the heroic methodologies we need to learn to express ourselves and gain the openness to be our true selves in order to solve those aforementioned negativity-inducing problems. As a result of this, projects to heal negativity to positivity develop through the heroic efforts of those individuals affected by that very same negativity. Those projects are then propelled to accomplishment by the heroic efforts of those individuals who have both a connection to those who are suffering and the skills to help.

What if each person who aspired to act or acted in this heroic way were given payments by the network, for their participation, in the form of NFTs of their own social media posts about their aspirations or activities, which they could exchange for shares in the company? Then it would have to be on a blockchain, and it would be like everyone in the world was working at one company, hyper-efficiently solving everyone’s problems throughout all levels of society.

Part 2: Glacial Lake
Part 3: Freeworld Market
Part 4: Crystal Ball
Part 5: Lotus
Part 6: Cinematic Universe with superpowers you can get in real life

0xStudio 
Services 

Alphagroups

NFT agency 
Art - which for us means just posts
Smart contract 
Community 
Discord
Maybe this is where the aggregator is on the prototype 
Marketing 
Website 
Delivery

Branding 

