	A DAO is a kind of organization that is implemented in code that is stored and run on a blockchain. Critically, DAOs are entirely transparent (the code which contains its transaction records, programmed functions, and rules of operation is viewable by anyone), and they have no central governing authority or ownership-entity (person or otherwise). Instead DAO’s ownership is distributed through shares tied to “governance tokens” which can be traded like any other crypto-asset, and which in many cases confer voting rights to token holders when any change to the DAO is proposed and put to a vote. Apart from being acquired through trade on an exchange, DAO governance tokens are often awarded to users who invest in the DAO in some way, for example: through providing liquidity (in the case of a DEX), investing capital as a lender, or even through interactions with a DeFi game. DAOs may essentially be a single DApp (decentralized application), or they could be an entire platform containing an ecosystem of multiple DApps.

DEX: Decentralized Exchange
A DEX is a kind of DApp which allows users to trade cryptocurrencies, in the form of a “swap” from one particular asset to another (Ethereum-to-Bitcoin, Litecoin-to-USDTether, DAI-to-SHIB, etc…). What makes these distinct from a “centralized exchange” (like Binance, Coinbase, or the New York Stock Exchange) is that no ‘order-book’ is necessary to facilitate trades between actual buyers and sellers, and therefore no central authority is required in order to calculate and confirm the settlement of these trades at a particular price. Instead, in a decentralized exchange, “liquidity providers” (people who have various currencies on hand, and who usually intend to hold them for some amount of time) can collectively add to ‘liquidity pools’ which are organized to hold tokens in the aforementioned swap pairs (any two cryptocurrencies can be paired together, and it is up to the DEX in question to support a given pair). A liquidity pool is designed to allow a trader to swap their tokens for the other token in the pair, WITHOUT the need for another trader wanting to perform the opposite trade at the same price (which is normally required to facilitate an exchange in the ‘centralized’ regime). The liquidity pool is able to facilitate this kind of ‘automated’ trading by also adjusting the price of the assets it contains as the supply of those assets fluctuates. Specifically, liquidity pools use a mathematical formula called a ‘constant product automated market maker’ which REQUIRES (by automatically changing the trade price of the tokens) that the overall value inside the pool remains constant even as traders add and remove tokens to either side of the pair. Liquidity providers are always required to put up equal amounts (by value, as determined by the current trade price) of each token in the pair, and therefore the pool as a whole also always contains equal amounts (by value) of each token in the pool pair. Liquidity pools DO NOT require trade price information from an outside source like another exchange, and instead the price is entirely regulated mathematically, based on the volume of contained tokens. Because of the ‘automated’ nature of a decentralized exchange, there is some opportunity for arbitrage between certain pool pairs when, for instance, the trade price of only one of the tokens in the pair changes dramatically, while the other stays the same, or changes in the opposite direction. This will lead to something called “impermanent loss” for the liquidity providers, as some amount of the tokens that they are providing liquidity for can be sold/swapped out by the automated market maker for some price below the going rate (relative to other exchanges). In other words, the liquidity providers incur a “loss” by virtue of some amount of unrealized profit as a result of the token price change. While a small amount of impermanent loss happens all the time, it is for the most part greatly offset