 to operate entirely autonomously (without the need for a central server or administrator). Usually DApps involve the use of Smart Contracts to manage and execute user interaction, and ultimately to provide useful functionality. DApps are decentralized by nature and are therefore also ownerless, instead ownership (which could afford many different things depending on the DApp) is granted cumulatively to those who hold the tokens (could be a cryptocurrency, governance token, etc.) which are distributed/produced by the DApp, in a way that is similar to a company share. DApps are classified generally into 3 “Types” (Type I, Type II, and Type III). Type I DApps run on their own blockchain network, and it is the protocols of that network which constitute the code of the DApp itself, examples include: Bitcoin, Ethereum, etc. Type II DApps are built on top of Type I DApps (analogous to an application which can only function by virtue of an operating system running in the background). A Type II DApp will have its own tokens (for governance, trade, and operation) but is fundamentally tied to the Type I DApp that it is built upon because the Smart Contracts which enable its functionality are stored and executed on the blockchain of the Type I DApp. Finally, Type III DApps use protocols which run on top of the protocols of a Type III DApp, in much the same way as Type II relates to Type I. It is the case that this Type classification could be extended indefinitely, as DApp protocols and functionality could be built in successive layers on top of lower level infrastructure ad infinitum (in much the same way that software implementations form ‘stacks’), however in practice each new layer is ultimately relying on the finite resources and throughput of the blockchain of the Type I DApp all the way down at the root of this hierarchy, thus physically limiting the total number of DApps that could run on a single blockchain network (or at the very least inflating the cost so dramatically that it becomes unviable, and far more practical to build a whole new first layer from scratch).

DeFi: Decentralized Finance
	DeFi is a general term to that refers to the entire nexus of Decentralized Economy (including blockchains, cryptocurrency, NFTs, Smart Contracts, etc.) and all of the more traditional instruments and systems of Finance (including security trading, margin trading, fund/asset investing, lending & borrowing, insurance, etc.). Typically, Decentralized Financial systems and instruments have the advantage of operating as DApps which run as code on a blockchain, and are therefore able to avoid government regulation, including IRS & SEC oversight. DeFi apps by their very nature as part of the decentralized economy are able to offer a variety of new and innovative forms of finance (ways of making money), including: Staking (which offers rewards and is required for proof-of-stake consensus), Providing Liquidity (adding funds to pools on decentralized exchanges in order to receive transaction fees as a reward), and various kinds of high-speed lending & borrowing (which are only possible through the use of Smart Contracts). Much of the world of Decentralized Finance is NOT provided by private organizations but is instead managed by what are called DAOs: Decentralized Autonomous Organizations, which are themselves DApps.

DAO: Decentralized Autonomous Organization
