 by the pool fees which are awarded by pool-share-percentage to the providers.
	Generally speaking, decentralized exchanges are a critical part of the world of decentralized finance. Liquidity is necessary to facilitate commerce and capitalization in the crypto-economy, and liquidity providers are financially rewarded for their service through the pool fees garnered on every swap. While a private organization could certainly provide automated markets through the use of liquidity pools, most DEXs are themselves decentralized applications running as code on a blockchain, and in most cases are considered DAOs (decentralized autonomous organizations).

Blockchain Games
	Since 2017 (marked by the release of CryptoKitties) a number of games and gaming platforms have attempted to implement/incorporate blockchain technology to varying degrees. Some simply involve the use of cryptocurrencies for the purchase of in-game goods, where others may include NFTs, as in-game items, character avatars, or other kinds of assets/objects which can affect gameplay mechanics. Often games in this category are referred to as “play-to-earn” as they are typically intended to actually allow players to make money (in the form of cryptocurrency or an NFT) and to capitalize on that value in a variety of gamified ways (usually resulting in newly minted tokens of some form or another). Many blockchain games are in some sense “free-to-play” (apart from what could be a considerable initial buy-in to purchase an NFT for in-game use, or some amount of the associated cryptocurrency) and developers will usually recoup their costs and turn a profit from transaction fees instead. Generally speaking, blockchain games have received a huge amount of criticism from all sides (despite many undeniably popular successes), where most objectors tend to think of these kinds of games as “exploitative”, “lacking in real entertainment value”, “scammy”, and “no different from gambling”. However, most proponents of this new media paradigm see the nexus of gameplay and finance as not only a logical, valuable, and inevitable consequence of blockchain technology, but also as one of the first small steps into a whole new world of online interaction based on blockchain networks, supporting all sort of activities including: work, play, education, and communication… Web3.

AR/VR: Augmented Reality & Virtual Reality
