The sanctuary system provides a set of primitive feedback loops from which we can build a universal language for understanding the train a flight that brings the intuition that delivers the knowledge that leads to the realization of the understanding in the belief in sanctuary in TWI. meditation helps to clarify these patterns. There is absolutely no reason that we cannot become immortal or have an infinitely growing economy, or have completely sustainable energy. There is absolutely no reason that we cannot configure the world through Ontology programming and social engineering to be exactly the way that we want. There's absolutely no reason. We have all of the science that we need in terms of clinical psychology and marketing psychology, and sales, which is really about value, which is how you sell people society just how you build a civilization. There is no reason we cannot have a worldwide civilization. There is no reason that we cannot have events, some version of that -  no matter how small it is (if it’s 1 or 2 people; why would it ever just remain one or two people - that’s ridiculous). If you actually have the marketing for this, you actually have the proposals in the plans and you actually have the philosophy to be able to do this in actualize this kind of change in the world, then why would it ever stay so small? So there’s no reason to not join because the only reason that it would ever stay small is if nobody joined so the only thing that there is to do is to be brave, enjoying, and to try to create the world that we actually want the world that we’ve always wanted that we’ve always been talking about and we’ve always been trying to communicate that we wanted to each other if you look at the way that first contact happens between uncontacted tribes and the current, modern world the other Different since there’s one video where the way that it happens is on the basis of one single shared word, which is Shara, which means good. So what we’ve always been trying to communicate is good the good G good sanctuary that’s what it means that that is what it is. If we personify it, we make it a person then it’s all of us victory promise OVP if we make it a a deal, then it’s a personified than it all of us. Everyone in victory everything sanctuary everywhere and if it’s not personified, then it’s overall sanctuary and if it’s not an ideal but it’s actually something that we can construct then it’s called sanctum. This is all just arrived from the way that the meaning has been constructed. It’s already like this you just have to see it that’s what TWI lite lang means. This vision to see it is called the victory promise. 0VP keeps the victory promise that is the basis of being a person named OVP. Oh VA actualizes this. OEVESE represents this total actualization. So we have to work together. We all have to work together everyone and we have to understand from the same perspective which means that we have to come together to understand inside of the sanctuary, allegorical net work cipher. Why because it works because he can do this this is how the meaning is construct it it’s already constructed this way we just have to pull the thread and follow it. When we follow, the threads will see that we extract that we need extracted the threads then we can weave. It’s important to understand this. This is called the era of rapid progress. It comes from Ontology programming. The super set of all ontology programming. In other words, the meta-operational system for ontology programming is called OmniSanc. I’m missing engineering is the process of creating sanctuary’s in every system. In other words are chemically transmuting wastelands into sanctuaries. In other words, the heroes journey. In other words, a transformation space traversal, composed of the intellectual, and physically real spaces. These two dimensions with their emergent third make it three dimensional space if we then learn, the next dimension is which is the traversal from