(The way it works for Buddhists: the master is pious and encourages the students to be good at helping others, good at making money to take care of themselves and their families and whatever they like, and that trying hard to be a bodhisattva is the best way to be a good Buddhist. So if you are very good then you can donate more, but “they don’t care”.)

So the point is to do what we can and get better, but inside of a template that actually releases:

1) content
2) a funnel
3) an offer

1a) content about learning to build in public 
2a) a funnel about SANC
	2b) a funnel about OMNISANC
- newsletter about building in public
- blog accompanying
- videos educating on AI and SANC leading to community membership

3a) an offer: OMNISANC emergence engineering platform
3b) offer: 
- Community (access weekly SANC activities, and meditation sessions  are free and include a talk about a beginner level aspect of SANC)
- app (monthly pay)
- Community mastermind (help w building your Sanctuary)


Offers (practice): 
Buddhism: 
Are you suffering? 
This is because of ignorance which induces attachment and aversion, clinging and rejection of circumstances
Want to be free of this constant and all encompassing pain? 
The path to reduce and eliminate ignorance clinging and aversion is either the Eightfold Path or the Mahayana
This is how you meditate
This is refuge
This is Bodhichitta
Etc…
Meditation
Are you suffering FROM anxiety, burnout, just feeling kind of bad, feel foggy and unaware sometimes? 
This is because of UNMINDFULNESS which is preventing you from relaxing into your own FOCUS
Want to be free of this UNMINDFULNESS? The cure is STABILITY and Mindfulness
And those come from Meditation 
And this is how you do it
If you want to join us, the weekly group is ___
And we also have prerecorded courses
And events
“Wow I rlly love this and I wanna go deeper” 
“There’s this thing called DATHUN…”
“There’s this thing called Refuge” 
Prompt Engineering
Have trouble getting expert information? Big plans for the future but need experts to help you orchestrate it? Experts charging too much? Can’t wait for AI to take everyone’s jobs so you can accomplish your dreams? 
This is because you don’t have a clear plan, and you don’t have one because you haven’t talked to the experts you need, and even if you did, it’s so hard to have a convo that is meaningful. I’ve spent countless hours preparing for expert meetings only to have the expert not understand me fully and leave me feeling like I wasted my money AND my project was stupid. 
STOP FLOUNDERING! The wait is OVER. Introducing instant expert AIs - talk to any expert instantly. When I got my hands on Instant Experts, I was able to learn programming, data science, and AI engineering, create my own AI agent universe from scratch, and learn how to present and sell it. 
GET INSTANT EXPERTS FOR: 
Marketing
Math
Computer Science
Programming
Any language
Any paradigm 
Idea generator/brainstormers 
REAL USE CASES: Even experts to help you find your lost pet, apologize to someone special, plan for the future, change your career, and anything else you need! STOP LETTING YOUR DEAD DREAMS DRAG YOU DOWN AND DISCOVER THE JOY OF INSTANT EXPERT AI!
Offer: Get the HEALTH, WEALTH, and RELATIONSHIPS pack
Get the huge mega pack - EVERY AI
Wanna make your own? GET THE MEGA PACK AND SIGN UP TO THE COHORT WHERE THE PROMPT ENGINEER TEACHES YOU HOW TO MAKE AN INSTANT EXPERT FOR ANYTHING!
Get instant experts for your business!
( The trick is I’ve been looking for a use case but stunspot never has a use case, instead he says “they are instant experts. You can make them for yourself and see what they do” and so the use case is people making AIs that know more about a subject than they do, and talking to them.)

This funnel I should HAVE already, along with these FREE videos and this offer:

OVP Prompt Gym (not about instant experts, is about programmatic prompt engineering) 
This is the entire business of selling the levels of prompt engineering
CustomGPTs: Stunspot and Nerority styles course - guys that are info spaces
OVP 1 course - guys that are imaginary info spaces
